Gone fishing (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-01 19:08

A/N: Another commission being shared

Sonia is both excited and nervous to be invited on a fishing trip with Nessa. On the one hand, they have never done something like this together before, and it seems nice to be able to spend time together, doing something that Nessa loves so much. It seems like they have done just about everything else together, so this was only natural, eventually. On the other hand, Sonia knows that Nessa takes it very seriously, and with her relative lack of experience when it comes to fishing, she is not sure if she is going to be able to keep up.

She will do her best to make sure that she can, and will do whatever Nessa tells her to do, but there is still a part of her that worries that she will fail some sort of test, and that Nessa will not want to do this with her ever again. More than anything, Sonia wants to pass that test, even knowing that it is kind of irrational to worry about Nessa getting mad at her for not immediately being a master at something that she has never done before.

But even with all of that in mind, and even while trying her best to prepare for anything that might happen, there is one thing that slips her mind, something that she does not consider while planning everything she is going to do. It seems so minor that it never even occurs to her, and even if it had, she would have laughed it off, telling herself that there is no way Nessa could take fishing that seriously. That is what she would have told herself, if she had even considered it, but she would have been completely wrong and, as it turns out, not thinking about it at all will only lead to her downfall.

Sonia packs their lunches for their day out on the water, because Nessa loves the lunches she makes. She even brings a thermos full of tea for the two of them to share, and they are both eager to drink it all down, as soon as they have the chance to. At that point, Sonia is still not thinking practically about how long they are going to be out here, and Nessa only has fishing on the brain.

“Obviously, we can’t leave until we both catch something,” she explains. “I mean, it wouldn’t be any fun if we didn’t. Besides, you’re here to do research, right? You can’t research what you can’t see.”

Sonia realizes that Nessa is right, that she can get some work done while she is out here, and agrees with that. The truth is, she was only thinking about learning one of her best friend’s hobbies, but she can go along with the assumption that she had more professional motivations. Either way, she is eager to get started, and optimistic that they will not only catch something soon, but catch a lot before they are even considering heading home. At first, that is all she thinks about, but as time starts to pass by without a single bite, she begins to have her doubts.

That, and she has realized just how much of a mistake the tea was. She has already had quite a lot of it, and as she sits here, surrounded by water on all sides of the boat, she realizes that it has started to make its way to her bladder. Sonia feels the first twinges to let her know that she needs to pee, and, of course, there are no bathrooms all the way out on a lake.

She wonders what she should do about this, and tries to tell herself to forget it, at least for now. It is not that bad yet, and eventually, they are going to end up catching something. By then, Nessa will have to pee as well, because she drank about as much as Sonia did. At that point, she will want to head back, so if Sonia can just hold it until then, she does not have to worry about ruining the fun that they are having.

Well, if she can really call this fun, but she is trying to be optimistic about it, since Nessa loves this so much. Either way, she does not want to cut into the time she and Nessa are spending together just because she was not careful about what she had to drink, so she is just going to keep waiting it out. She tries to take her mind off of it, but that is a lot easier said and done, given the current setting. Being on the water like this makes it hard to not think about needing to pee, and she does what she can to hold still.

It isn’t so bad yet that she really has any need to squirm about, but when she focuses on it this much, it feels like she should be squirming, like sitting still is going to be bad for her. Sonia wonders how many hours she can hold it like this, and if that will be enough time for Nessa to be satisfied. Should she say something about it now, just to be on the safe side? Somehow, that does not seem like the best idea.

While Sonia is turning all of this over in her mind, Nessa continues to ignore the slight throbs coming from her own bladder. She has gotten pretty good at shutting things like that out, and right now, the only thing she wants to do is focus on fishing. It has not been a particularly productive day, which is not what she wanted to show to Sonia, but there is nothing she can do to control that. The Pokemon come out when they want to come out, and trying to rush them along is not really an option either.

She is used to shutting out the needs of her body, both out on the water, and while she is modeling or battling. Nessa does not consider the fact that she might not be the only one in need right now, but even if she did, there is no real that that would change much of anything. After all, she may have to pee, but she still wants to keep her promise to herself, and that means that she can’t allow either of them to leave until they have caught something.

She just keeps her mind on the water, though that is not doing much for her bladder, and tries to shut out her need wile focusing on the much more important task at hand. If she has been able to hold it in the past, she knows that she should be able to hold it now, without any real problems. She just hopes that it does not take too much longer for them to make progress, or else Sonia is going to end up convinced that this is the most boring hobby in the world.

Sonia, at the same time, keeps stealing glances at Nessa, looking for any signs that her friend might be worried about the same thing that she is. She has completely forgotten how to focus on fishing, thinking only of the fact that she needs to pee, and would rather get that out of the way as soon as possible. However, Nessa shows no reactions either way, and is completely focused, not even realizing that Sonia keeps looking at her. This could take much longer than Sonia probably has.

With all that in mind, she figures that she needs to speak up sooner rather than later, because otherwise, this is going to end up getting way too out of hand. Swallowing hard, she wonders why she is so nervous about it in the first place. After all, she is only talking to Nessa, her best friend of several years, and she knows that she has nothing to be ashamed of. At least, she should have nothing to be ashamed of, but she can feel her shame, plain as day.

“Um, Nessa,” she finally says, breaking the long silence.

“Hm? What is it, Sonia?” At last, her friend is paying attention to her, and now, Sonia feels silly for even bringing it up. However, another twinge from her bladder reminds her that she is not being silly, that this is starting to become necessary.

“How much longer do you think we’re going to be out here?” As soon as she says it, she immediately regrets it, feeling stupid for even asking.

“What do you mean? I already said we’re going anywhere until we’ve caught something,” Nessa says with a grin. To her, it seems like the most natural response in the world, and Sonia knows that she is going to have to voice her concerns more directly, if she is ever going to get Nessa to realize what it is that she is worried about.

“Well, yeah, but maybe we could take a break. Go back to shore, then come back out here?” she tries.

“Do you have any idea how much time that would waste? When we go back, it might as well be because we’re done for the day, don’t you think?” Nessa replies, and Sonia does not have a good response for that. At least, she does not have a good response that does not involve admitting to the fact that she really needs to pee right now, and she still can’t bring herself to say it. Shifting in place, she falls silent, rather than answering her question, because she can’t really think of how she wants to say this.

Nessa, meanwhile, is starting to become troubled by Sonia’s insistence that they leave or take a break. She must be seriously bored right now, and that means that she needs to make things more interesting, before Sonia gets a bad impression of one of Nessa’s favorite hobbies. Not only that, but she would rather get things moving along as well, since her need to pee has continued to grow even while she ignores it, and she knows she will not be able to keep holding it all afternoon. As much as she wants to just make it go away, she can’t.

So both girls cope with their bladders privately, and both hope that they can take care of that soon, and that they will soon start reeling in Pokemon, and make this into a much more productive day, so that they can hurry up and leave. But as time continues to pass, there are no signs of any changes, no signs that there are even any Pokemon in the area waiting to be caught, and no signs that they are going to be able to make it much longer like this.

Sonia is starting to get frantic, and she worries that she really might end up in a bad situation because of her growing desperation. She does not want to admit that that is the problem to Sonia, but she also knows that she is going to have to say something if she does not want things to get that much worse for herself. Biting her lip, she studies Nessa, looking for any signs of boredom, exhaustion, or even desperation that might help her feel better about bringing this up, but she looks as composed as ever.

Sonia, of course, has no idea that she is just putting on an act for her sake.

“Can we please take a little break?” she asks again, hating the way she sounds as she pleads for it. She sounds like a whiny and impatient kid who is too bored to sit still, when in actuality, the only reason she can’t sit still is because that helps her hold it.

“What for? I told you we have to catch something,” Nessa insists. She is starting to become stubborn, because she wants so badly to prove that this trip was not for nothing, that it was not completely fruitless. “We can’t just give up because things seem boring right now, you know? I promise, it is going to be so worth it when we reel in the big one.”

She does not intend for her words to harm Sonia. In fact, she thinks that she is giving her friend a good pep talk, while also hyping herself up to keep holding it. She does not realize that Sonia is fighting her own battle, struggling to keep her cool, and struggling to maintain basic control. Her bladder is throbbing, and hearing Nessa say it like that makes her feel even worse about trying to get out of here quickly. How could she do something like that, when Nessa is clearly trying to show her a good time?

But she can’t keep holding it forever. It was stupid of her to drink so much tea, and stupid of her to think that she could handle this when she is clearly just an amateur. Biting her lip hard enough to nearly draw blood, Sonia fights with all she has, while trying to keep her movements subtle, both to avoid literally rocking the boat, and to avoid catching Nessa’s attention in the process. She has to go so badly that she can’t think of anything else, and fishing is the absolute last thing on her mind.

Nessa, at the same time, is struggling to keep her own focus, struggling to keep from succumbing to her need as well. It is all that she can think about, and all that she can do to hide it from Sonia. Why, oh why, have they had such terrible luck today? Even if she catches something right this second, she is not sure if she will be able to hold it to shore, and how is she going to hide something like that from Sonia?

Nessa is getting truly desperate now, and very panicked. Maybe she should have listened when Sonia asked for a break, for her own sake. Even if Sonia is bored, it would have been better to indulge her boredom than to end up like this, just barely hanging on, and unable to do anything to make holding it easier. Nessa has not been this desperate in a very long time, and it is obvious enough to her that there is no way she is going to make it.

With the panic setting in, what else can she do? And at the same time, Sonia is panicking as well, because she has sprung a leak, and not a little one, either. She presses her thighs tightly together to stop it from turning into anything more, but the damage has already been done. It has soaked through her panties, and left a slight dark patch on the crotch of her thin jeans, that she has to be careful to keep hidden. She is not going to be able to keep holding it, and she knows that for certain now. What is she going to do?

There isn’t anything she can do, other than speak up right away. Forgetting her embarrassment, in favor of saving herself from even worse embarrassment, she blurts out, “Nessa, I’m seriously about to pee myself, so we have to go back now!” She can’t resist jamming her hands between her legs, willing to do whatever it takes to keep herself under control. Already, she knows that this is too late.

Nessa starts when she hears Sonia cry out, and immediately curses herself for not understanding that was the problem, and for forcing herself to keep holding it when they both needed a break. And she knows that she is not going to make it, but she should definitely turn back, for Sonia’s sake…

At least, that is what she is prepared to do, but then Sonia yelps, and Nessa knows that it is already over for her friend. She finds herself frozen, unable to turn away, much less do anything about it, as she watches Sonia piss herself. There is something absolutely fascinating about it, and soon, Sonia moves her hands away in defeat, and Nessa is amazed at the size of the dark spot on her jeans, growing more and more with each passing second.

In fact, she is so fascinated by the sight in front of her that she does not even pay attention to herself, until it is already too late, until she feels her panties growing damper by the second. She tries holding herself to stop the flood, but she is a lost cause now. The two of them can only stare at each other in their shared distress as they completely lose control, completely soaking their clothes and making a mess of the boat in the process.

By the time Sonia is completely empty, her jeans are so soaked that they are nearly see-through, and they are starting to turn cold already. She has never been more embarrassed in her life, but the fact that Nessa wet herself as well leaves her with a strange feeling that she can’t quite put her finger on, but that she can’t quite say is a bad one. There is no way to really figure out what this means to her.

Nessa lets out a soft sigh as her stream trickles to a stop, not even wanting to assess the damage to the outfit that she chose to wear today. This is, she knows, her own fault for not thinking or listening, but she does wish Sonia had said something sooner. Then again, she may have still been stubborn if she had known, and, having seen the aftermath, she can’t actually say that she completely regrets making Sonia wet herself, even if she had to do it as well.

She is not sure what that says about her, but she does know that she is probably better off not bringing up her strange feelings, and instead just apologizing for letting things go this far. Hopefully, they are able to put this behind them, but she knows it is an experience that she will never forget.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

