What time they have (A Genshin Impact Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-26 17:17

A/N: A commission I did for my husband.

Extended time with Ganyu is always a rare treat, and one that Aether is never going to waste. Today is special because she has time to spend with him before she has more work to do, and he is determined to enjoy it to the best of his ability, no matter what. With such limited time together, it feels like any sort of break would be wasting it, when he could always wait until after she has gone to work.

That is why he is trying to ignore just how badly he has to pee right now, even though it is getting so bad he can hardly think of anything else.

After all, he does not have to wait that much longer, just until she has to leave. He is sure that he can manage that, and has been sure since he first felt the urge coming on. It would just be nice if it would stop getting worse by the moment, if he could focus more on her than on the pangs he feels coming from his bladder. It aches so much that he is not sure how it got this bad.

But he can keep holding it, he is sure of that. It’s not like he’s some little kid who can’t control himself, and it really is so rare that he and Ganyu get to have this much time together. He loves her and wants to spend every spare second with her, so if she is sparing her time for him, then he can’t waste it by running off to the bathroom. Not when they do not have that much longer together, not when he will have plenty of time later.

He is growing more and more uncomfortable, not paying attention to her like he knows he should. Of course, he can’t help feeling guilty about that, wishing that he had better control over himself, that he did not have to focus so hard to not risk losing control. The fact that it is so bad, that he feels like he could lose control at all, should be a sign that he needs to go right now, and that he needs to stop trying to maximize their time together in such a foolish way, when he knows that there is no way it would waste that much of it.

But he can’t bring himself to do it, even if he can’t ignore the pressure in his bladder at all. Time and again, she looks over at him with concern written all over her face, as ifs he can tell that something is wrong with him, but she never asks, so he never tells her. Not that he would be able to; he would just brush it off, because he would be way too embarrassed to try and express to her why he is forcing himself to hold it, no matter how bad it gets.

And it is getting bad, so much so that he is not sure what to do. She should have to leave soon, but is it soon enough? Is he actually going to be able to make it? The stress is getting so bad that he has to do something. It’s not like the bathroom is that far when they’re in his room like this, so if he just hurries, then he can come right back. Anything would be better than…

“Just a minute,” he says, his voice strained as he stands up. Immediately, a powerful wave of desperation hits him, and he has to squeeze his thighs together, whimpering a bit. Ganyu looks up at him, concern in her face again, but he can’t explain himself to her. In fact, he can’t do anything at this point, because he is already at his limit. Just a little bit too late, he is already at his limit.

Neither of them say anything as he pisses himself in front of her, just like a child who can’t control himself. Aether can’t think of anything to say in a situation like this, can’t think of anything other than how much he wishes that he could disappear right now. It feels good to finally have it all rushing out of him, but he can’t actually take any time to enjoy that feeling when Ganyu is watching him completely humiliate himself. It is all over, everything completely ruined.

By the time he’s done, there’s a sizable puddle on the floor, and they are both still silent. He finally clears his throat, so that he can say, “I’m sorry, I wasn’t…I didn’t mean to…”

“Aether…what happened?” Ganyu asks in a soft voice. She doesn’t sound angry or judgmental, and certainly not mocking. If anything, she just sounds concerned and sympathetic.

“I just didn’t want to…we don’t get a lot of time to spend together, so I was trying to wait until…sorry.” He hands his head, sighing. “I didn’t want to ruin the time we had, and then I did this. You probably think I’m pretty stupid right now.”

“That’s not true at all!” Ganyu insists. Looking at her, he can see her cheeks are flushed as she speaks. “I understand. I’m sorry I’m always having to rush off, but I promise, nothing is going to ruin the time we do get to spend together.”

He isn’t sure how to feel about her words, not sure if he can believe them yet or not. But Ganyu is not likely to lie to him, even about something like this, so perhaps in time, he will feel better about this. He would definitely feel better if he knew what was going through her mind right now, but Ganyu is much too shy and flustered by her sudden revelation to bring it up to Aether.

But what is going through her mind right now is wondering just how she is expected to focus on her work today when she is going to have that scene running through her mind over and over again, haunting her and making her this unbelievably horny.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

