Elevator Malfunctions

Author: Ziren

*000*2023-05-27 21:52

Rushing into the dimly lit apartment building, Jorden makes a beeline for the elevators in the back. They barely register the greeting from the doorman, too focused on making it home before the liquid in their bladder ends up all over the clean floor. Jorden knows the poor janitor who works for the building wouldn't appreciate the extra work.

Jorden wouldn’t be in such a predicament if they weren't asked to stay late at work. One of Jorden's more forgetful co-workers had misplaced one of their tickets, making the books at the end of the day come out short. Issues like these need to be handled before anyone can leave, adding an extra hour onto an already busy night waiting tables. Jorden had needed a bathroom break since mid-shift, but due to being a bit short-staffed, they never got the opportunity. Then the stupid ticket went missing and Jorden had to wait even longer, tapping their foot under the table impatiently. When everything was finally sorted out, Jorden had rushed to the in-house bathrooms, only to find them already locked for the night.

While Jorden had been frustrated, they ultimately decided not to make a big fuss about it. They don't live too far from work, so they figured it wouldn't be too much trouble to just hold it until then. It wasn't like they were dying or anything anyway.

One traffic-filled drive later, Jorden was regretting their decision to hold it. They didn't pull into their apartment's parking garage until forty-five minutes later. By then, Jorden's need to urinate had gone from annoying to painful. They would have stopped somewhere on the way had there been anywhere to do so.

This brings Jorden to the present, where they stiffly speed-walk toward the steel doors of the elevator. They would run, but the pangs from their lower belly advise against it. Simply walking as fast as they are sends waves of discomfort through them, but they really don't want to risk anything by being too slow. They've never wet themself before and they certainly don't want to start today.

Jorden gets to the elevator and wastes no time in hitting the up button. They shift from foot to foot, pressing their thighs together and biting their lip. It only takes the elevator ten seconds to arrive at the ground floor, but to Jorden, it feels like a lifetime. It's as if their bladder knows how close they are to a toilet. It's making holding it even more challenging.

As soon as the doors open, Jorden rushes in and hits the button labeled with the number seven, where their apartment resides. They frantically hit the 'close door' button afterward, hoping to speed things up.

"Hold the elevator, please."

Just as the doors had begun to close, a voice calls out from the outside. Jorden looks up and meets the eyes of one of his neighbors. They've seen the man a few times before, usually when he's bitching to the doorman about trash in the hallways. Jorden isn’t a fan of the garbage either but it appears this man is especially irked by it. That and the stuffy, semi-formal way he’s often dressing makes him out to be rather uptight and unapproachable. Therefore, Jorden hasn’t ever had a full conversation with the man. They don’t even know his name, and while they wouldn’t be opposed to finding out that much, now really isn’t the time.

Despite the minor guilt Jorden feels at the action, they make no move to stop the elevator doors from closing. Not only do they not care for waiting any longer, but they’re also really not in the mood to make pleasant conversation. The overwhelming pangs from Jorden’s lower belly are taking up enough of their attention. In fact, not only do they not stop the doors from closing, they never stop holding down the ‘close door’ button.

Yet it seems like the universe has other plans for Jorden this night. The unnamed man catches the door by putting his hand in the way. The automatic sensor detects something in the way and begins to open once again, much to Jorden’s displeasure. They have to actively hold in the groan as they are joined by the near stranger. It doesn’t help that he gives Jorden a bit of a look, probably guessing that Jorden did little to hold the elevator for him as he requested. Jorden doesn’t wish to gain an enemy with this neighbor, so they give the man a sheepish grin.

“Sorry…”

The man doesn’t respond, which is fine by Jorden. They move back to allow him to get to the button controls. He hits the five, making Jorden do another mental groan. This means the elevator will stop on the man’s floor before heading to Jorden’s, forcing Jorden to wait even longer. They press their legs together as subtly as possible in preparation.

The doors close for real this time and the elevator engine starts with a jolt, beginning to move upwards. Jorden occasionally worries about the old machine. They wonder if their apartment building will ever get it replaced, but it hasn’t caused any real issues yet so-

As if on cue, the metal car they both stand in lurches to a halt. It’s such a violent stop that both Jorden and the man are forced to grab onto the side handbars to steady themselves. It’s enough to give them both a good spook, but Jorden is the only one to make a yelping noise. Not necessarily due to the suddenness, but because of what effect the motion had on their bladder. It shakes the water balloon in their stomach, threatening to make them leak in their black work pants. They’re forced to press their legs together even tighter than before, trying to steady the sore and overfilled organ.

“What was that?!” the man beside Jorden voices, echoing Jorden’s own thoughts. Jorden looks up to the LED number display towards the top of the elevator, signifying which floor they are on. It reads the number two, but the doors stay firmly shut. Jorden feels their heart sink to the pit of their stomach as they piece together what may have just happened.

Surely they aren’t stuck…right?

Jorden doesn’t respond to the man, but it doesn’t appear like he was even expecting one. He recollects himself and once again stands without the support of the beam. He reaches past the silently panicking Jorden and hits the ‘open door’ button. Nothing happens. He then tries to hit the button for the second floor, since that’s where they appear to be. Once again, nothing happens. Jorden watches all of it as their anxiety grows. The waves of desperation from their bladder only seem to get stronger as Jorden comes to realize that they really are stuck.

“Fuck,” Jorden exhales, pain beginning to make itself known in their voice. The man beside them looks to give them a disapproving glance at the curse word but is distracted by Jorden’s very obvious stance of desperation. They stand with their legs pressed together so tight their muscles shake. They’re slightly bent at the waist, one hand cradling the bulging area below their navel.

“Are you…okay?” The man asks, voice still a bit shaken from the elevator lurch. Jordan whines in response, not having the energy left to try and conceal their desperation. They feel as if they’re about to pop any minute now.

“What do you think?!” Jordan snaps, not even looking the man in the eyes. They know they shouldn’t be so harsh, but it’s difficult to play nice when they feel like they’re being ripped in half. Even with the stop at the fifth floor, Jorden is still sure they would be in their own apartment by now, blissfully urinating into their toilet.

“Uh…sorry?” The man seems a little taken aback. He raises a concerned eyebrow at Jorden, looking them up and down. They look sick, which appears to worry the man. Jorden assumes he’s not too keen on the idea of Jorden throwing up all over the place. The idea is enough to make Jorden snort bitterly. They would honestly rather be trying to keep down their lunch than hold back an entire ocean of piss.

“I just,” Jorden starts, but has to shift around desperately for a second. Another wave hits them with such urgency that they squeeze their eyes shut and hold their breath. Their face morphs into that of agony, but slowly goes back to normal as the wave passes. Still, it’s a firm reminder that Jorden’s time is ticking. They don’t know how much more of those they can take.

“I really need a piss.”

Honesty is the best policy, right? This man doesn’t seem to think so. He makes a face of mild disgust as Jorden’s previous actions begin to make sense. He takes a step back, almost out of caution. As if Jofen is some sort of bomb waiting to go off. They do kind of feel like it.

“I…see.”

An awkward silence takes over them after that. Jorden focuses all of their attention on keeping their water in. All the while, they can feel the man’s eyes on them, watching their every move with anxiety. It takes another horrible wave for Jorden to break the silence. This is stupid. They’re actually going to hurt themself.

“I’m just gonna go in the corner.” Jorden declares, taking another step back from the man. This would be much easier if they were alone, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Yet they only get that one step back before the man is shouting.

“What?! You can’t do that!” Genuine horror fills the man’s voice. Jorden looks up at him and can clearly see the disgust in his eyes at the very idea. “Are you crazy?!”

Jorden whines again as their bladder doesn’t like being held up arguing. They don’t like the idea of pissing on the floor either, but what are they supposed to do? They’re trapped and it’s not like they can keep holding it. They’ve already been holding it for hours now. The organ in their lower abdomen seems to pang in agreement with Jorden’s thoughts. The floor is perfect, it seems to be screaming.

“I seriously can’t hold it,” Jorden responds. Their voice isn’t as loud as the man’s but still just as emotional.

“But,” The man starts, obviously intent on arguing the point. Jorden is only half listening, as most of their focus has to be spent on clenching and squeezing. “The floor?! That’s disgusting! It’ll never come out of the carpet, you know!”

Glancing down, Jorden takes note of the navy blue carpet beneath their feet. It’s kind of ridiculous to care about some cheap rug more than the health of another person, but Jorden doesn’t bring that up. Instead, they focus on the other crazy aspect of the man’s concern.

“Right, ‘cuz this elevator is in such good condition!” Jorden retorts with a heavy dose of sarcasm. Of course this elevator is a piece of shit. If it wasn’t, both of them wouldn’t currently be stuck. It’s a point the man seems to be unable to contradict, as he purses his lips and doesn’t say anything right away. Jorden can tell this man doesn’t really care about the machine he stands in. He is far more worried about being stuck in a confined space with Jorden’s mess. And in a way, Jorden doesn’t blame him. Jorden isn’t thrilled by the idea of being trapped with their own piss puddle either. Especially since they know it won’t be a small one.

“Fuck, man…” Jorden says under their breath as another pang hits them. Their hand that’s still on the hand railing clutches it so tight, their knuckles turn white. Jorden can feel tears prickle at the corner of their eyes as they bend forward even further, trying to give the overfilled organ as much room as possible. It’s only at this display that the man appears to grasp the severity of the situation.

“Look…I’m sure they already know we’re stuck in here. It shouldn’t be long until they have it working again.” The man tries to comfort Jorden, but Jorden can tell he doesn’t actually know. For all either of them know, they could be in here for two more minutes or two more hours. And in Jorden’s current state, even the two minutes feel like way too long.

Jorden hasn’t given up on the idea of going in the corner, but Jorden can now tell it won’t be as easy as they previously hoped. Not only is the man refused to take his eyes off them, but Jorden is sure the man wouldn’t hesitate to verbally complain the whole time if Jorden even began to try again. Not to mention just how humiliating it would really be to pee in front of a man they have to see around practically every day. They both live in the same apartment building, for fuck’s sake! It’s enough to make Jorden genuinely consider trying to hold it like the man wants, despite the screaming from their lower half. Maybe they really can hold it if they just distract themself enough.

As if on cue, the man speaks up again, using that same gentle tone of encouragement.

“I’m Dionell, by the way…” The man awkwardly introduces himself.

“Jorden,” Jorden responds, having to force the word out. They seem to have reached the point of desperation where even speaking sends knives of pain through their bladder.

“Nice to meet you, Jorden,” Dionell adds with a forced smile. It does nothing to hide the anxiety behind his eyes. Jorden thinks it’s impossible, but he almost looks like he’s in as much pain as Jorden is. All over the idea of being trapped with a big mess.

“You…too?” It comes out more like a question than Jorden intended, but it’s the best they can manage. They never imagined having to make small talk while carrying fifty pounds of piss in their bladder, but here they are. It’s so much on their senses that one of the tears that had been threatening to fall finally does, coasting across Jorden’s left cheek and falling off their chin onto their work shirt. This doesn’t go unnoticed by Dionell.

“Is there…anything I can do to help?” Dionell offers. It appears he isn’t a completely selfish asshole, Jorden notes. Yet unless he’s about to drop his whole mess obsession, Jorden doesn’t think there is anything he can do for them.

“You got a bottle or somethin’?” Jorden half-jokes. Although they can’t deny that the idea of getting to finally let go is seductive to an intense degree. Even if Jorden is sure the contents of their bladder would overfill any average bottle by far.

“I do not,” Dionell responds awkwardly, making a face at the idea. It’s pretty obvious he’s glad he doesn’t have a bottle offer, even though that would be better than the floor to the neat freak.

“Then no.” Jorden plainly states, no desire to sugarcoat.

Clearly uncomfortable, Dionell brings his left arm up and scratches the back of his neck. His eyes move off Jorden to look at the buttons of the elevator again. His eyes squint as if he’s considering something. Then all of a sudden, his body seems to jolt as he comes to some sort of realization. The hand that was on his neck darts down to the dress pants he’s wearing, delving into his front pocket. There he pulls out a cell phone, a look of mild embarrassment on his face.

“I can call the front desk…” Dionell explains sheepishly. Jorden too has to mentally slap themself for not thinking of it sooner. It was just so obvious, but Jorden was far too distracted by their own bladder to think of it. Dionell seems to have been as well, at least until now, a whole five or so minutes later.

“Please.” Jorden almost begs. They hadn’t intended it to sound so pathetic but is unable to hide the need in their voice.

Luckily, Dionell doesn’t appear to react. He simply unlocks his phone and finds the number for the apartment building. He hits the dial button and holds the phone up to his ear. Jorden is grateful that Dionell will be doing all the talking, but also for the moment of privacy the call gives them. Dionell’s focus is on the phone, his eyes off Jorden and staring ahead at the unopening elevator door. Jorden takes this opportunity to lower the hand over their bladder bulge and slip it in between their legs. They press against their genitals, creating a firm, physical barrier. It does nothing to ease the pain or relieve the need, but it is comforting. Jorden figures this will aid them in preventing anything from leaking out.

Dionell straitens out as someone picks up. He quickly starts to explain their situation and how the elevator stopped. He does leave out the part of Jorden being about to piss themself, which Jorden is grateful for. This experience has been embarrassing enough without everyone hearing about it.

Jorden can’t hear the other end of the conversation, but Dionell nods as if in agreement. He gives his thanks into the phone before bringing it down and pressing the ‘end call’ button. The entire conversation lasted a minute at most. Jorden hopes this is a good sign.

Turning back around to face Jorden, Dionell appears to be about to say something, but something stops the man before any words come out. His eyes start at Jorden’s face but quickly snap downwards as something catches his attention. A look of clear mortification covers his features, confusing Jorden for just a second before they catch on. They were so focused on the outcome of the call that they forgot to remove their hand from between their legs. Now they’re very openly grabbing their intimate area in front of this man they barely know. Jorden’s face mirrors Dionell’s embarrassment, but the worst part is they are unable to take their hand away. If they do, they fear their bladder will seize the opportunity and begin lightening the load into their pants. So despite the shame, Jorden stays firm in their current position.

When Dionell realizes Jorden doesn’t intend to correct their inappropriate behavior, he tries to move on and keep attention off it. Dionell breaks his eyes away from the pathetic display and finds himself looking off to the side. Jorden is glad he doesn’t say anything, but the very look on his face makes it pretty clear how horrified Dionell really is.

“They uh-” Dionell starts, trying to bring the focus back to the phone call. “They said they’re calling the fire station right now. They should be here in less than ten minutes.”

In a way, that’s good news, Jorden thinks. Surely the professionals will be able to free them from this metal prison. Yet even though Dionell assured them ten minutes, Jorden knows it will be much longer than that before they’re free. And even longer still before Jorden is sitting on a blessed toilet, voiding freely. And boy does Jorden wish that’s what they were doing right now. They’d give just about anything to magically jump forward in time, past all the waiting and holding, to be alone in the bathroom. There they would finally get to remove these suffocating pants, fall onto the porcelain throne, and relax the muscles that have worked so hard. They would get to feel their urine jet out from them, falling freely into the water below, draining the pain and suffering from their bladder.

Jorden has to stop thinking about it. They got really close to leaking, their mind falling into the fantasy a bit too deeply. Dionell seems to notice Jorden is seriously struggling, so he doesn’t wait for a response from them. Instead, he turns back away from Jorden and leans against the cool of the elevator wall, crossing his arms at his chest. Jorden likes to imagine he did it to give Jorden some privacy to hold without shame, but they’re sure it’s really because Dionell is disgusted by the show Jorden is putting on. Either way, it serves to benefit Jorden, so they don’t complain.

The promise was less than ten minutes. Jorden tries to pretend that’s all it will be, lying to their body. They attempt to convince their tired muscles that the wait is almost over; that they can definitely hold it. They repeat this in their head over and over, but it does nothing to calm their racing heart or ease the pressure down below. Jorden leans back and allows their head to bang against the metal backing of the elevator. A part of them wants to accept defeat with the odds stacked against them so much. It really isn’t fair. All they wanted to do was get home and pee. Was that too much to ask for?

The only sound in the small space becomes Jorden’s heavy breathing and occasional sniffling. Dionell seems to be ignoring it with all his power, allowing Jorden to try and do the same with the man’s presence altogether. Jorden closes their eyes and tries to pretend they’re alone and allowed to express their misery without an audience. This self-lying is more successful than before, aided by Dionell’s silence. Jorden is able to focus all of their attention on their own body but that may be making things harder. Now there is no distraction from the debilitating fullness that feels to be taking over their entire body. They feel a whole ten tons heavier, being pulled down with an unnatural amount of piss. They had thought they were desperate before when they were in their car, but nothing could compare to this.

In their state of complete desperation, Jorden is unsure of how much time is passing. It barely matters to them though. They’re slowly beginning to accept that they’re fighting a losing battle. They barely have the strength to continue to stand upright, let alone walk all the way to their apartment. Even if the elevator were to miraculously start up again right now, Jorden is sure the motion itself would be enough to force the liquid out of them. They whine out at the very thought of release. Despite the horrible embarrassment that would accompany it, Jorden knows it would feel better than anything in the world right now.

Jorden’s body, it seems, agrees with them. A trickle forces its way past Jorden’s tired muscles and through the pressure of their squeezing hand. It’s small but serves to terrify Jorden nonetheless. They gasp out and double over, tensing every part of their body in an attempt to stop the flow. They’re able to, but only barely. They can feel the rest of the flood prying at the exit, pushing with a strength Jorden knows they can’t keep back for much longer. Their bladder is just too full. There isn’t anywhere else for it to all go. It has to come out.

The gasp Jorden involuntarily let out seems to get Dionell’s attention once again. His head turns subtly to get a look at Jorden through his peripheral vision. It’s like he can’t bare to look at Jorden head-on for fear of what he’ll witness. Jorden’s face darkens with shame as they know Dionell must know the end of the battle is near. Jorden knows it’s not their fault for succumbing to their basic needs, but they also know Dionell doesn’t seem to see it this way. He’s going to be horrified and disgusted and Jorden is going to have to live with that humiliation for the rest of their life; all because they couldn’t hold it for a few more minutes.

“Fuck…I,” Jorden starts, the tears making their voice sound crackly. “I can’t hold it.”

Dionell may not like the cussing, but the other words Jorden speaks seem to draw more of his attention. He still doesn’t fully turn to Jorden, but this is fine by the desperate soul. At least then Jorden can pretend Dionell doesn’t know exactly what’s going on behind him.

“Sure you can,” Dionell responds. His voice gives off an annoyed tone, but there is a hint of doubt in it as well. Jorden thinks Dionell is right to be unsure. They can already feel a second leak creep out of them, trickling down their taunt thighs. Jorden is once again able to cut it off, but with even more effort than the first time. Jorden doesn’t know how many more times they’re going to be able to do it successfully.

“No, I really, really can’t.” Jorden retorts firmly. They make sure to add extra emphasis on the second ‘really’, hoping to paint a picture of just how sure they are. Even though Dionell will be convinced soon enough when the entire floor of the elevator becomes soaked.

It’s only then that Dionell turns around. He only takes a second to look Jorden over, a look of intense disapproval on his face. He looks to open his mouth to say something, but another noise interrupts him. A ring comes from inside his pocket, drawing both his eyes and Jorden’s downward. They both silently pray it’s an update on the officers coming to save them.

Taking his phone out, Dionell answers and places it against his right ear. Only a few seconds pass before Dionell nods and pulls the phone away. He presses a button on the screen and positions the device between himself and Jorden.

“How are y’all doin’ in there?” A voice comes through the phone speaker, sounding feminine. Jorden appreciates being able to hear the conversation this time around but dreads having to speak themself. Dionell seems to pick up on this, so he answers for the both of them.

“We’re holding out.”

Jorden is thankful that Dionell isn’t expecting them to talk to the woman on the phone, but they do wish he wouldn’t use words like ‘holding’.

“Happy to hear it! I’m with the local fire department. We’re going to getcha both out safely.” The woman assures, sounding confident and calm. It’s the type of tone that would usually put Jorden at ease. Yet all they feel now is intense pain and anxiety. It must be written all over their face, for Dionell asks a question Jorden is dying to know.

“Thank you. How long do you think it’ll be?”

Jorden holds their breath, praying to anything listening that they’re about to hear a small time estimate.

“It should take us an hour max.” She answers smoothly. It’s said in a way that suggests this is good news, but Jorden sees it very differently. They feel their heart sink into the pit of their stomach. Their face becomes white as their bladder screams inside of them. It pushes against their willpower, threatening to burst them open if they don’t relieve themself this instant.

“Please hurry,” Dionell’s words echo what Jorden feels, but they are slowly giving up hope.

“We’ll do all we can. Is something the matter?”

Dionell’s eyes briefly glance up at Jorden. He seems to debate saying what he’s about to, but ultimately decides to go for it.

“There is a bit of a…bathroom emergency,” Dionell explains with as much professionalism as he can. Jorden squeezes their eyes shut, hoping to magically escape this humiliating situation. Ideally winding up in a bathroom.

“I see. We’ll get y’all out as soon as we can.”

Not at all reassured, Dionell thanks the woman once again and hangs up the phone. Jorden is glad she doesn’t want them both to stay on the line the whole time. If they’re destined to have an accident in front of their neighbor, at least it won’t also be on call with a firefighter. Although Jorden is more than aware that everyone working on the elevator will get to see all of the wet aftermaths as soon as those doors open.

With that depressing thought in mind, Jorden whines out loud now that Dionell is the only one who can hear. It makes the man tense up as if he can read Jorden’s mind. They can’t wait an hour. They barely made it the ten minutes. Their bladder is voiding now, whether it has Jorden’s permission or not.

Starting as a small trickle, Jorden cringes as they feel the rivulets of piss snake down their legs. It’s not yet enough to show through their pants, but enough to completely soak Jorden’s underwear and genitals. The soggy warmth against their burning skin seems to only entice Jorden’s body further. They think they can stop the stream once more, but what’s the point? Jorden’s overfilled organ won’t hold up another hour. That much is clear. Why suffer through the pain for a losing battle?

Jorden is still shyly fighting it, keeping the stream weak and unrelieving. They know the damage has already been done. They know they’re fighting it for no real reason anymore. And yet they can’t seem to bring themself to relax. Their body continues to force the gentle stream out, but the shame is too much to allow Jorden to willingly wet themself. They haven’t done so since childhood.

Jorden cries out once more, overwhelmed by the pain and emotions. Even though they are technically peeing, it’s so slow, Jorden feels nothing but agony. They’re so full beyond capacity, this pathetic little stream isn’t even making a dent in all Jorden has to give. Their pants begin to darken and a faint aroma of urine fills the space, but Jorden remains full to the brim. It feels as if they haven’t gone at all, even when a tiny puddle begins to form at their feet.

“Oh my…” Dionell reacts from in front of Jorden. It seems he’s finally caught on to the accident taking place. Jorden keeps their eyes shut and refuses to look at the man, knowing they’ll find nothing but anger and disgust.

With a final sob of defeat, the force of Jorden’s stream picks up. It’s enough to inform both parties that this is the end. Jorden removes the hand from between their legs to allow an easier escape, but their stream refuses to reach full power. Jorden is unable to relax, so they decide to do the next best thing. They take a deep breath and push with all their might, forcing the stream to strengthen into a full torrent. It hisses audibly as it splashes against the fabric of their work pants. All to die back down to a trickle after a few seconds when Jorden has to breathe again. It took a lot out of them, but for just a second, Jorden was able to feel a hint of pleasure. Even though it was ripped away from them as soon as they stopped pushing.

A whine of frustration escapes Jorden as they realize this piss is going to take some work. They take a second deep breath and hold it in. They once again push with every muscle in their abdomen. It reminds Jorden vaguely of giving birth. Just instead of pushing out a baby, Jorden is pushing out gallons of piss from their stretched bladder. The hissing picks up again, this time lasting a bit longer before dying out. Jorden desperately catches their breath so they can start again, now worried about nothing but getting everything out.

The puddle at their feet continues to grow at a slow pace. With the help of the carpet, most of Jorden’s water gets absorbed directly below them, preventing the damage from spreading out too far. Regardless, Dionell takes a step back in avoidance. It’s an action Jorden barely notices, too focused on pushing another jet of piss out into their pants. Said article of clothing is completely soaked through at this point. Everything extra added into it only falls right out, creating a pattering sound in partnership with the hissing of liquid.

After another deep breath and another push, Jorden’s face is a deep red color. This is both from embarrassment and exertion. Their urethra burns with the force of their relief, but they can’t stop yet. They take a chance by peeking their eyes open, head facing downward. They are instantly met with the sight of pee-soaked pants and darkened carpet. Even worse is the still noticeable bulge right at Jorden’s pants buckle. They’re still so full.

The desire to be empty takes center stage in Jorden’s mind. They barely know what that feels like anymore, but they’re not about to stop halfway. They don’t think they could even if they wanted to, so Jorden continues to push jet after jet of piss out of their seemingly endless bladder. They know the thought is ridiculous, but they find themselves wondering if they had made it to the toilet, would they have overflowed it? Jorden is aware that would be impossible, but it sure feels like they’re voiding an inhuman amount.

It isn’t until another push later that Jorden finally feels genuine relief. The pleasure courses through them like some sort of reward for all their suffering. The whines and sobs they had been letting out previously transform into soft moans. The pain they had been feeling just a minute before has now turned into the most orgasmic sensation of their life. Not even sex has spread this much elation through their body. A shiver involuntarily shoots up their spine, making their stream sputter and cut out. Their tired muscles finally seem to be cooperating with Jorden, for they only need to gently push to get the urine flowing again. The violent hiss of before eases into a steady flow. Jorden sighs pleasantly as they are finally able to relax and enjoy the sensations going on in their lower bits.

It’s only after the final drops drip out of their genitals does Jorden straighten up. They instantly note how much easier it is without the extra pounds resting in their abdomen. There is still a noticeable ache down below from the abuse of holding it so long, but compared to what Jorden was dealing with before, they barely feel it. Jorden’s left hand comes up to rest on the now deflated area of their abdomen, a final sigh escaping them.

A part of Jorden wishes this is where their story ends, with finding relief; however, Jorden knows better. They sheepishly glance upward, eyes catching those of Dionell’s. Jorden still needs to deal with the aftermath.

“Um…sorry…” Jorden says under their breath. They feel the desire to explain themself, but what’s there to really explain? They simply couldn’t hold back anymore. The thought makes more tears poke at Jorden’s eyes, but they hold them back. Jorden has already made a big enough fool of themself. They don’t need to add any more sobbing to the list.

Instead, Jorden sniffs and wipes the leftover tears from their face and eyes. They’re sure their face is red and messy, but Jorden tries not to think about it.

“That…okay,” Dionell responds, sounding genuine. It shocks Jorden, making them look at the man with confused eyes. Jorden was sure they were about to get a lecture. The look of clear discomfort on Dionell’s face would make anyone worry. Yet Dionell only swallows awkwardly and avoids looking at the mess down below.

“It is?” Jorden asks despite themself. They should just take the win and not push it, but curiosity got the better of them. Now that Jorden is no longer in intense pain, they find themself far more interested in the situation at hand.

Dionell shifts uncomfortably at the question. His eyes break away from Jorden’s to look off to the side. It’s clear the man is fighting his desire to react dramatically. Dionell probably wants to throw a massive fit the way he does when there is trash left in the hallways. Despite a puddle of urine being arguably worse, Dionell bites his tongue. Jorden finds it oddly sweet.

“Yeah, I mean…could have happened to anyone,” Dionell answers. He still doesn’t look at Jorden, but that’s fine. Jorden finds their lips tugging at a faint smile regardless. The first one they’ve had this whole night. They know they still have to wait up to an hour in this elevator. They know they’ll have to face the firemen with wet pants. They know they’ll likely have to apologize to the janitor for the puddle. But for now, Jorden simply appreciates being understood.

“Thanks.”

*003*2023-06-03 21:10

{{On 6/1/2023 at 7:45 PM, Alex62 said:

Cute story! I love this idea of being trapped in an elevator with someone and being desperate and having an accident so I read tons of stories about it (it’s also a very common omo idea, so their is a lot of stories on it) but this is by far the best! Poor Jorden, they must have been so embarrassed. I’m glad Dionell was nice about it despite his OCD.

}}

That's incredibly flattering! Thanks a lot for the encouraging words!

It's still long from being done, but I'm working on another common trapped story. This time in a plane, at someone's request. Trapped scenarios are my favorite as well.

*005*2023-06-03 21:19

{{3 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

Ofc! Can’t wait! Hope it’s another nonbinary character or male!

}}

Another Non-binary!

*010*2023-06-20 22:11

{{On 6/15/2023 at 2:42 AM, Bunchofatoms said:

Loved reading about a non-binary character. Super great storytelling too!

}}

Thanks so much!

