Hetalia - Rome/Germania desperation & wetting

Author: Zazie

*000*2011-12-21 10:46

Germania sighed. He was accompanying Rome to a party. Rome, being the guy that he was, went to a lot of parties and Germania always had to tag along with him.

The blonde, however, never actually joined in with the festivities. He'd always just lean back against a wall and keep an eye on Rome. Which was difficult, since Rome moved around a lot.

Tonight, the party seemed to be going on a lot longer than usual. Germania was starting to feel tired and also was feeling a slight urge to pee. But he chose to ignore that. After all, it wouldn't be that long before Rome wanted to go home.

Except it was.

It seemed like hours had passed. Germania was getting more and more uncomfortable. To get to the bathroom, he'd have to make his way through the crowds of people who were seperating him from the door on the other side of the room. That wouldn't work.

Finally, after what felt like forever, Rome walked over to him. From the way he moved, Germania could tell that his friend was quite drunk.

"Let's go," Rome said, his voice smelling like wine.

"Alright," Germania replied, following Rome across the rather large room, his desperation ever growing.

Once they were outside the building, Germania realised just how desperate he was. He knew he wouldn't make it to Rome's house...

"Rome?" he called out to the man in front of him. Rome turned around, his face flushed. He staggered over to Germania.

"Yes, my darling?" Rome asked, slurring his words.

"Darling?" Germania scoffed. "Argh, whatever. Look, I need to use the bathroom, so-"

Rome gave him a funny look. "Why don't you just pee here?"

Germania almost punched Rome in the nose. "Because," he said. "I, unlike you, have some dignity."

Rome made a noise that was somewhere between a hiccup and a laugh. The larger man then put an arm around Germania.

"Let go of me," Germania hissed, needing to control himself.

"No," Rome said simply. His other hand was working its way down Germania's torso as he hummed to himself.

Germania nearly lost it when Rome's hand touched Germania's penis. This fucker! Germania thought angrily. And then Rome began to stroke.

The paler man couldn't take it any more. This was torture. Germania let go.

"What's going on?" Rome asked. "Why's there something warm?"

"I told you," Germania panted, closing his eyes in shame. "I needed to use the bathroom."

Rome quickly withdrew his hand. "Oh."

The two men just stood there. Germania wanted to DIE. He'd never been so embarrassed in his entire life.

"Hey," Rome began, in a quiet voice. "Are - are you okay?"

"No," Germania hissed, feeling like he was going to cry. But he wouldn't do that. Not in front of Rome.

"Uh, why don't we hurry back to my house?" Rome suggested. "You could take a bath."

"A bath would be good," Germania said. "Okay."

They continued towards Rome's house.

Thankfully, the brunette had been so drunk he didn't remember any of it the next morning.

