Busy lab (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-04 17:12

A/N: Another commission I'm posting here to get caught up!

Professor Bellis has five bathrooms in her lab, so getting to one should never be a problem. She has a lot of people in and out, so it makes sense for her to have proper facilities, but even so, it is rare that it is so busy that all are completely occupied, and she is forced to wait for a long time. A dedicated researcher such as herself is used to having to hold it when needed, when she is in the middle of something time sensitive and can’t just go to the bathroom whenever the urge suits her.

However, just because she is good at holding it does not make it invincible. Once she is able to go, she usually makes a mad dash to the bathroom, sometimes making it just in the nick of time. However, during those incidents, she never finds herself in a situation where she is not able to make it, and especially not because someone else was already using each bathroom that she tried to get to. Her lab is just perfectly set up for that sort of thing, so it has never been an issue, and never anything that she has had to worry about.

With all that in mind, she does not often bother worrying herself over making sure that she always has ample time to go. Even when she is not so bogged down with research, or in the middle of something time sensitive, it is rare that she really worries about it at all. She is a little too careless about things, in that regard, but since she has never had any real trouble with it, that leads her to believe that there is really nothing to worry about. She has no idea how wrong she is about that, considering just how many people call Pasio their home now, and just how many people consider her lab the best place to rush to the bathroom, if you happen to be desperate while nearby.

One day, she is working very hard, and does not notice the fact that her bladder is rapidly filling. She has had a lot to drink, but has not paid attention to just how much she has taken in, because she has been so focused on her research, and now, she is mostly oblivious to the way that her bladder continues to fill while she keeps up the hard work. A slight twinge here and there is completely ignored, her mind otherwise occupied for the time being, and it continues like this for a while.

It is not until it starts to get bad that she even really notices it. Even then, it does not take priority in her mind; when she feels a sharp pang from her bladder, she takes it as the first sign that she needs to pee, and quickly pushes it out of her mind as she gets back to her work, knowing that she will be done soon enough and able to take a break then.

Her bladder continues to fill and continues to protest, and Bellis just does what she can to try and push it out of her mind each time. By now, things are starting to get really bad for her, but since she still thinks that she is not that bad off yet, she thinks she can stand to wait a little bit longer. It is getting so difficult to ignore now, and she wonders how it could have possibly gotten so badly, so quickly. She remains completely oblivious to the truth of the matter, but at this point, that does not really matter.

The only thing that does matter is the fact that she needs to pee, and it is getting bad enough that it is hard for her to stand still. She begins to squirm in place while she works, jiggling her legs and biting her lip, hoping that this does not take her much longer to wrap up. If this gets any worse, she is going to have to stop either way to go pee, but she tries not to think about that, since she is almost certain that things are nowhere near that bad yet, no matter how she may actually feel.

As long as she is able to hold it a little bit longer, thens he knows she is going to be fine. After all, there is a bathroom close by, and plenty more if that one happens to be busy right now. Just a little bit longer now, and then she will be able to pee; she knows that she can wait until then, she has held it for much longer than this plenty of times in the future, so that means that there is definitely nothing for her to worry about. Somehow, that does not make her feel much better, perhaps because, at this point, she is having a hard time focusing on her work at all, which makes her go slower, and makes it take even longer.

At this point, she can’t stand still for even a second, and she knows if anyone were to look at her, they would be able to tell from just a glance that she is bursting to pee right now. It seems like she needs to just take a break, before this gets too out of control. As much as it pains her to do so, she is starting to understand that her need to pee is just too much for her to handle, a lot greater than she initially thought it was. Bellis is truly desperate now, and she is not going to be able to get anything done until she is able to empty her bursting bladder.

Fortunately for her, it is not going to be long before she can do that. Now that she has stepped away from her work, she just needs to go to the nearest bathroom, and this will all be over. She can get right back to it.

~X~

Ethan is seriously running out of time here, and he isn’t going to make it if he does not get to a bathroom soon. His bladder has been protesting for a while, but there was not much he could do in the middle of a battle. He just had to be patient until the end, but by that point, it was all he could do not to openly squirm around and give away just how badly he had to go. Just barely able to hide his need, he finally manages to get away, not even taking time to celebrate his victory, only focused on finding his relief.

He is so panicked that it is hard to even think this through clearly, but he knows that there is a bathroom nearby. The closest one, if he recalls, can be found in the professor’s lab. There are five bathrooms in there, plenty for him to choose from, and he doubts he will have to wait for anyone when he has that many options. Which is good, because he is seriously at his limit right now.

Even running makes it hard to hold it, jostling his bladder so much that he is afraid he might leak at any moment. However, slowing down does not make it much better, because it only serves to remind him that he is on a serious time crunch right now, and there is a strong chance he will wet himself if he does not pick up the pace. Fortunately, the building is at least in sight, so the desperate boy can at least comfort himself with the fact that relief is right within his grasp.

Just a little bit longer now, just a little bit further, and then, everything is going to be okay. That is what Ethan tells himself, at he makes his way into the building, heading for the nearest bathroom as fast as his body will allow him. He is definitely cutting it close, definitely close to leaking, and just when he reaches the bathroom door, he has to put a hand between his legs to prevent a leak, as embarrassing as it is.

Professor Bellis is right in front of him, to make matters worse. She gives him a strange look before nodding, probably saying that she is not going to further acknowledge his humiliating display, before he is free to go into the bathroom. Just in the nick of time, Ethan makes it.

What he does not know is that she was on her way to that bathroom as well, incredibly desperate herself. But one look at him, and Bellis could tell how bad off he was. She would not be able to forgive herself for making one of the young trainers wait and possibly have an accident, all because of her, especially not when she has four other bathrooms to choose from. Now, she just has to make sure she can get to the next one.

~X~

Cheryl can’t believe how lost she got today. Sometimes, she just gets so turned around when she does not have anyone else to help her figure out where to go, and even though she has been on Pasio for a while, that still happens to her. Today, she is in a bit of trouble from being so lost, because today, she has to pee terribly, and has had to for a while now.

Though the need came on slowly, it has taken her a very long time to find her way, and during that time, it has gotten a lot worse. By now, Cheryl is absolutely bursting, barely able to hold back at all, and she is still a little turned around, still desperate to find her way to anywhere that might have a bathroom. She thinks she might be getting close to the lab, which is going to be her best bet in a situation like this. At least there, she knows that she has a few options when it comes to emptying her bladder, so if she can make it there, then she can be fairly confident that she is going to make it in general.

So close now, and she is relieved to see that she really is going the right way, the lab building coming into sight. It is hard for her to even walk at this point, and she definitely can’t run unless she wants her panties to be soaked before she even gets to a bathroom. As long as she can get there with minimal damage, she will be happy, but she is starting to leak, more and more frequently, and she knows that her panties are already damp. How long will it be before they are completely soaked?

But Cheryl is not going to allow herself to entertain that possibility. She is going to make it, no matter how difficult it may be, no matter how much her bladder may be aching. From time to time, she presses a hand between her legs, hoping that no one is looking at her right now, because that makes it a little bit more manageable, and is worth the risk. So close now, she really does not know if she can do this, but she continues to tell herself that she can, that she just needs to hold back for a little while longer, and then she will be able to empty her bladder, and everything is going to be okay.

In the future, she definitely needs to be more careful about not getting lost. No matter how confusing Pasio may be to her, she needs to figure it out, so that she never ends up in a situation like this ever again. Finally, she has nearly reached the lab, but she does not let herself breathe a sigh of relief just yet. Her situation is getting critical, and now is the time that really counts, to make sure that she does not wet herself before she can reach the bathroom.

Opening the door to the lab, she sighs a bit, content that she has made it this far. She is absolutely at the end of her rope, unable to bother worrying about who sees her like this, or who can tell that she is about to wet herself. The only thing that matters is making sure that that does not happen, and with the bathroom so close, she is fairly confident that she is going to make it.

Hurrying along, she can see the nearest bathroom has its door wide open, as if it is beckoning her in, an invitation that she simply can’t refuse. Cheryl is there as fast as her legs can carry her, nearly colliding with Professor Bellis in the process. She would normally apologize for this, but right now, she does not have even the time to spare for that, having to duck into the bathroom immediately to make sure that she avoids having a humiliating accident.

And professor Bellis is left trembling right outside, hardly able to believe that this has happened to her again. Just how many trainers are pushing their limits today? Not that she has any right to talk, when she has done the same thing, and she has not even been outside. She has no real excuse for letting things go this far, when she could have visited any one of these bathrooms at any time. Either way, she can’t stand here worrying about that, when she could be heading for the third bathroom.

~X~

Clemont has been working hard all day, glad that he is allowed to use this lab to his heart’s content. It is so easy for him to get distracted by his work that he barely notices anything else, and when he is inventing or working on improving something he has already made, nothing else in the world can reach him. Least of all his bladder, which he finds it easy to ignore all the way until it is much too late for him to even think about delaying it anymore, left to rush to the bathroom so that he does not end up completely soaked.

That is the situation he is in right now, pushing himself closer and closer to his limit, without even noticing. He is too distracted, head filled with ideas, hands kept busy with his tools, and bladder barely acknowledged at all, even as it continues to fill and to throb, desperation increasing with each passing second. He does not even notice the subconscious shuffling of his feet, as his body tries to do whatever it can to ease up the pressure, to make it possible for him to think only of the work before him.

Eventually, it is too much for him to ignore, though. All at once, he realizes that he seriously has to pee right now, and he bites his lip hard, toes curling in his shoes. This has gotten really bad, all without him even realizing it. He does not want to waste another second forcing himself to hold it, even though he would rather be able to keep working uninterrupted. Perhaps, if he had not noticed his need to pee, he would have kept working, but he surely would have ended up in a much worse position that way.

He wonders if he would have finally noticed it once he started wetting himself, then forces himself to stop thinking along those lines. That is the last thing he needs right now, when he has to pee so badly that he already is not sure if he is going to make it or not. It is way too risky to even start thinking about having an accident, until he is already safely in the bathroom, emptying his bladder in peace. Fortunately, the bathroom is not all that far from him, and he turns away from his work station, promising himself that he will get this over with quickly, and get right back to work.

If only human needs were not such a pain, then he would be able to work without interruption, for as long as he wanted to. He can only imagine the things he would be able to create, the boundaries he would be able to cross, if he did not need to eat or sleep or take breaks to go to the bathroom. That would be the ideal world, but unfortunately for him, he still lives in harsh reality.

Also unfortunate is the fact that the nearest bathroom is already occupied. He watches as Cheryl ducks into it, appearing to be in quite the pinch, and nearly colliding with the professor. With that in mind, he knows that he needs to head in a different direction, hoping that the next bathroom he has selected is empty. At this point, he does not have a lot of time left to wait, and he can’t keep running from one end of the lab to the other, nor does he know if he can afford to just stand outside, hoping that someone will emerge quickly.

He has to pee so terribly that he feels like he is going to burst any minute now, but he is nearly there. An empty bathroom awaits him, and nothing is going to hold him back from reaching it now. However, just as soon as he reaches the door, he realizes that he is not the only person who was aiming for this room. Professor Bellis is right there as well, looking incredibly anxious, and Clemont remembers her near collision with Cheryl, right outside the other bathroom.

“Oh, go ahead,” he says, realizing that she must have to pee too. He does not know if he can make it, but he doesn’t want to be rude to her either.

“No, no, you can go,” she says, giving him a smile.

Clemont is about to argue and try and insist, but then he feels a spurt escape him, and knows that he does not have anymore time to debate this. He has to go right now. Ducking into the bathroom, he is grateful that Bellis lets him go first, wondering if he should thank her later, or if she would rather not have this brought up.

And as for the professor herself, she is seriously at the end of her rope. Every bathroom, she keeps getting cut off, but she does not want to make one of the trainers wet themselves just so that she can go first. However, at the rate she is going, she might end up wetting herself, because this is getting to a critical point. She can’t afford to wait much longer, and she prays that she is not met with the same fate at the next bathroom that she reaches.

Two more left, and they can’t both be busy, can they? She could double back to one of the others, almost certain that the ones who cut her off before will emerge quickly, but she does not want to take her chances; she just wants to keep moving forward, and go back around as a last resort. If she is even able to make it that long…

She is trying not to think along those lines, but that is a lot easier said than done when she really does feel like she might wet herself at any moment, bladder throbbing so much she can barely take it. Just a little bit further, and then she will reach the next bathroom.

She does not mean to get distracted, but in this situation, it is kind of impossible not to. The sight that she sees would be enough to delay anyone, even though it is a clear view of the one thing she does not want to see right now. Bettie is standing, not far from the bathroom that Bellis is on her way to, and it is clear that Bettie was once on her way there as well, but that it is already too late for her, and that there is nothing she can do now.

There is a puddle at her feet, her blue shorts darkened with a large wet spot. She has her head hung low, her body still trembling from the strain of trying to hold back. She has just had an accident, peeing herself not far from the bathroom, the fate that Bellis and several other trainers have been trying very hard to avoid. Seeing something like that makes her urge feel as though it has gotten that much worse, and she knows that she can’t afford to keep stalling.

Not that she ever thought she could, and not that her stalling has been on purpose.

~X~

Kahili is absolutely going to wet herself if she does not hurry. She can’t believe that she let it get this bad, but it was hardly her choice. The situation was just an impossible one for her, and now she has to do her best to avoid losing control. She was out training and practicing, doing the two things that she loves most in the world, because she had some time for herself. For some people, her days off might seem like days that she is working, but that is only because she loves those things so much.

Even so, she has a tendency to overdo it when she is enjoying herself, and before she knew it, she really had to go to the bathroom. She did not realize just how far out she had gone, but she knew she had to hurry if she was going to get to a bathroom, but what she did not count on was someone stopping her to talk.

Or, rather, a lot of someones. Kahili is always surprised by how many golf fans there are on Pasio, always wanting to stop and chat with her, and it never takes long before she feels like she is being mobbed by her fans. Today in particular, it is rough for her, as she wants to get away but does not want to be rude, let alone let onto the fact that she has to pee desperately, and is just trying to get to the bathroom. That is way too embarrassing, and so, she just has to endure it and do what she can to try and get out of that situation.

It takes her so long that she is nearly at her limit, and she knows that there is only one place she has any hope of reaching before she wets herself. The lab is close by, so she can just duck in there to use the bathroom. Normally, she would never do something like that, just going into a place she rarely visits to borrow their bathroom, but right now is such a desperate situation that she really does not have much of a choice otherwise, not unless she wants to actually wet herself. This is the only way she can avoid that fate, so she has to take what she can get.

Fortunately, she is already close, entering the building without any trouble. There is an empty bathroom in sight, so she starts booking it in that direction. However, something catches her attention just before she gets there: a trainer that she knows well, losing control of herself. Kahili can hardly believe what she is seeing, but Bettie is so close to the bathroom, and yet, she has no chance of making it. She is already fully wetting herself, hanging her head in shame.

Seeing a sight like that makes it hard for Kahili to proceed, not wanting to approach a girl who is clearly embarrassed right now and potentially make it worse. However, seeing her piss herself has only made Kahili’s own need that much worse, so she really can’t afford to keep waiting. She is about to end up in the same situation, and has to do what she can to avoid that, before it becomes too late for her.

She does not waste a single second then, breezing forward so that she can enter the bathroom before she reaches the end of her rope. All she loses is a single spurt, a leak just as she closes the door behind her, but at the very least, she is able to pull her panties down before anymore damage is done, and she is already in the bathroom, finally able to just let go, so relieved that she did not lose control. Well, she is honestly just relieved in general.

It is not the same situation for Professor Bellis, though. Just when she thought that she was going to make it, Kahili was already there, and did not even seem to notice her as she went into the bathroom. At this point, she might not have let Kahili go first, if she had noticed her, but it seems she will never know that outcome. She just has to keep moving, with one last option, praying that this is where she finally gets the relief that she has been craving. After everything that she has been through, it is starting to feel like it might actually be impossible to reach a toilet.

~X~

Iris does not care if she looks ridiculous while she rushes straight for the lab, because if she does not get to a bathroom in a few minutes, she is definitely going to wet herself. She might not even have that long, but she is not going to stop until she is there, not bothering to think about what could happen. The only thing that she can do is persevere until the very end, even though she has never been this desperate in her life, even though she knows that it would feel so good to just be able to let go right now.

She is not paying attention to anything in her surroundings, not paying attention to anything other than the lab, right in her sights. If anyone notices the way she is holding herself while she runs, or the way she is struggling to even run at all right now, she does not take the time to notice for herself. She is almost there now, with a bathroom door in sight, hanging open for her. But it is because she is so distracted that she does not notice the professor coming straight at her.

At the same time, Bellis has given up on trying to maintain her dignity. She has to go now, and if she has to run like a fool through her own lab to get to the bathroom on time, then that is what she is going to do, without paying any mind to who sees her. But because she is not paying any mind, she does not notice that Iris is running towards the bathroom from the other direction, every bit as desperate and distracted as she is.

It only makes sense that the two of them collide, when they both reach their destination at the same time. They are both shoved back a bit, but manage to avoid falling. Bellis is just barely able to maintain control of her bladder with that jostling, shoving a hand between her legs reflexively, but Iris does not have quite as good luck as her.

“No, no!” the young trainer cries out and Bellis looks up at her to see her doubled over, a dark stain spreading across her light leggings, the telltale sign that she is wetting herself. Bellis feels terrible, partially responsible for her accident, and knows that, if they had reached the door at the same time without running into each other, that she probably still would have gone first, and Iris would have ended up wetting herself right outside.

Iris can’t believe that she made it this far, only to have something like this happen. It is so embarrassing that she has no idea what to do, not sure how she is going to get back to her room and get cleaned up without half the island seeing her in this state. Still, it feels so good to feel relief like this, the contents of her bladder gushing out of her and puddling at her feet. The relief is almost enough to outweigh her humiliation, but of course, it is not actually enough, and she knows it will be some time before she is able to get over this.

Bellis waits just a second too long, watching Iris and wondering if she should see if she is okay. The jostling was enough to doom her to an accident, even though she was able to briefly regain control. If she had rushed straight for the toilet, she might have stood a chance, but the collision and Iris’s subsequent accident served to distract her just a second too long. Even seeing Iris pee herself might have exacerbated her own need; either way, the fact remains that Bellis can feel a wet warmth spreading across the crotch of her pants.

With a sigh, she just decides to give up. She has already seen Bettie soaked, and has just watched Iris meet the same fate. It is obvious that she will not be able to recover from this, so she might as well accept it while it happens. It does not make it any less embarrassing for her, especially since, unlike those trainers, she is a grown woman, but she does not have any other options.

Her work day has been thrown off by this, and if she had only taken a break when she needed to, she would have been able to keep working. Instead, she has wasted time tracking down a bathroom, and will waste more time dealing with the aftermath of her accident. She drops her already wet hands, sighing as she looks down at the puddle growing at her feet.

Her bladder still aches long after she finishes emptying it, a testament to just how full it was. She really needs to stop pushing herself like that, and vows to be more careful in the future.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

