The Race (A Herbie: Fully Loaded Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-04-01 00:08

A/N: Yet another commission. For this one, I was asked to write about Maggie getting desperate during a race.

It was a race day, and Maggie woke up with a sense of excitement. She had come to love racing, having grown up around it her entire life, and after obtaining Herbie, she had come to love it even more. She was a legend, and she looked forward to every race, breathless with joy and anticipation.

She had a few cups of coffee with her breakfast to ensure that she stayed awake and alert throughout the entire race. She then got ready and headed to the race track, ready to hopefully take home another trophy.

She got everything ready and her pit crew made sure that Herbie was running perfectly, and then she was ready to go to the starting line. As she sat, waiting for the flag to drop and the race to begin, she felt a sudden, sharp twinge from her bladder. She realized that she had not gone to the bathroom after consuming all of that coffee and she regretted it, but she knew that she did not have time to take care of that problem.

The only thing she could do was wait until the end of the race, so she would have to hold it. As she took her foot off the break and pressed it down on the gas pedal, she did her best to forget the slight discomfort so that she could focus on winning the race. She was relieved, at least, to see that today would be an easy one. The other racers were nowhere near her already as she sped ahead of them with ease.

For most of the early laps, she could almost forget her problem altogether. She barely felt the pressure in her lower abdomen as she drove, and it caused her no inconvenience. Her mind was so focused on racing that she got to the point where she didn't even think about it at all.

But then, as she was starting another lap, about a fourth of the way through, another sharp twinge hit her, and she realized that she was getting close to being achingly full. She groaned a bit, shifting her hips around to try and relieve some of the pressure, but it did little to help. It wasn't like there was anything she could do about it, but she was growing more and more desperate by the minute.

Still, she thought she could probably make it until the end of the race. Sure, she would have to bolt as soon as she had finished and be late for getting her trophy, but she was sure that she could at least make it that long. No matter how much it was starting to hurt, she thought that she would be able to last as long as she had to. After all, she wasn't a kid; she could hold it.

It wasn't until halfway through the race that things started to get pretty bad for her. She was still leading by a considerable amount; no one was giving her any challenge today. But her bladder was throbbing and aching, refusing to let her mind wander from her desperation for more than a few seconds. She rubbed her thighs together to try and ease the burden, but that only helped for a few minutes.

She was starting to panic, wondering if she was actually going to make it after all. She hated the thought of wetting herself like some kid, but it wasn't as if she could pull over and pause the race to go the bathroom. She'd just get laughed off the track! She had no options, but she really, really didn't want to wet herself.

It got to the point that each turn she made on the track added an additional pressure that brought tears to her eyes each time. This was getting incredibly rough, and there were times when she contemplated just letting go and being done with it, but she never seriously considered it. She still thought she would be fine until the end of the race; purposefully wetting herself would not do her in any good in the long run.

Now three fourths of the way through the race, she was both relieved to see how close she was to being done, and also even more panicked, because it still felt so far away with her bladder feeling like it could burst at any minute. She was really risking soaking her seat, and she hoped that her car wouldn't mind if worse came to worse and something like that really did happen.

What am I thinking? I can't let something like that happen! I've just got to hold on like an adult, she thought, squirming harder. She could never remember having to pee this badly in her entire life.

She was not going to let this problem beat her. She was a winner and she would win this race as well as the race against time for her bladder. She was determined to prove to herself that she was still just as much of a winner even with something as different as this. All that she had to do was keep holding on until the end, just keep holding on and not giving up!

But no matter how optimistic she tried to sound and no matter how optimistic she tried to be, there was only so much that could be done about her swollen bladder. She was so close to the end of the race now, but she was also so close to her own limit. It was going to be close, and she knew that only minutes would decide whether she actually made it or not. Oh, how she hoped she would make it.

With the end in sight, she pressed down harder on the gas, even though she was already flooring it, willing herself to go faster. She was almost there! But her bladder did not want to wait for her to get to a bathroom, and it would now no longer wait for her to even finish the race.

She took a hand off the wheel and jammed it between her legs to try and stop the sudden, wet warmth she felt, but it did no good. Her bladder emptied rapidly and fiercely, soaking her seat before long. She moaned in relief, the sensation of the pressure slowly lessening so wonderful that she could forget for a moment that she was wetting herself and had no way of concealing it. She was finally free of the unbearable pain that came with having a full bladder and it felt amazing.

Of course, as she had just finished wetting herself, she crossed the finish line, completing the race just a little bit too late. She had won, of course, but she had lost the other race and would not be able to hide it.

And on that day, Maggie became known as the racer so dedicated that even a full bladder didn't stop her.

