Amateur writing: Maya in the maze

Author: Zaku II

*000*2015-11-17 20:11

Hi everyone,

After coming out about one of my fetishes(explained here:https://omorashi.org/topic/27865-a-personal-fetish-of-mine-outside-omorashi/#entry1111106

) I thought I should share some writing that I have done about my fetish. I wrote this years ago; it's part of a larger story, but I wanted to see what everyone thought before I add more. If anyone is wondering, the Maya from the story is the same from Neon Genesis Evangelion. I thought she was cute and deserved more screen time.

Anyway, if ya like or wondering what the hell I'm writing, feel free to drop a line with a comment.

{{:

Maya Ibuki stood at the entrance of the Honeycomb Maze. Trembling with anticipation and nervousness, she walked into the first comb. Seeing no guards, she sighed with relief, scratching at the red helmet she wore. She moved through another comb, again no guards. On her third comb, however, she ran into one. Six feet tall, and dressed in wrestler clothes, he was a fearsome sight.

Upon seeing her, the guard made a move to grab her. Maya stifled a scream while jumping back. She tore to her right, bashing a door open. She repeated this twice, all the awhile the guard chasing her. On the third door, she opened the door to reveal nothing but water. Her reflexes kicking in, her hands shot out and grab the edges. Stopping her flight into the water, she jumped when a pair of arms wrapped around her waist. The guard now caught up with Maya, easily pulling her away from the door. Struggling to no avail, Maya could do nothing as the guard brought her to the center of the maze. Grimacing, she remembered the rules of the game.

While resembling the Honeycomb Maze of Takeshi’s Castle, this game had a few extra rules. First, only women could enter the game, with the shot of winning 300,000 US dollars. Second, if they were caught a first time, they were brought to the center of the maze, where they would be forced to strip down to their underwear. If they were caught a second time, they would either be thrown out, have their faces smeared, tickled, or forced to wet themselves.

The guard finally let go of Maya, with the other two guards flanking him. Looking hopeless, Maya began the process of stripping. First was the helmet, then her black T-shirt, her blue jeans, finishing up with her socks and sneakers. A small wind crept through the maze, making Maya shiver, clad in her light pink bra and panties.

The guards left, and Maya counted a few seconds before starting again. She went through three combs, before being found by a guard. Shrieking, she ran back, unknowingly towards the starting point. She pressed the door to no avail, only able to be open on the outside. The other door was locked too; she futilely pressed it with both hands.

The wrestler found her first, and grabbed her, the other two guards followed suit. One guard grabbed her by her arms, another by her feet. They carried her to a comb on the north side of the maze. The guards deposited her in there and left. Maya stood up confused, why had they left her in there. The answer came in the form of a green light that flashed in the room.

For a few seconds, nothing happened, then Maya felt a pressure in her bladder. Surprised, she jammed her left hand in her crotch. The pressure increased, causing her to use her right hand also. Minute by minute, the pressure increased, making Maya more desperate. She took her left index finger, and placed it right into her crotch, causing her panties to make a camel toe. She bent forward, struggling to keep herself from peeing. She backed up, her bum grazing against the wooden wall.

Despite her struggle, a small spurt escaped, dribbling her panties. Gasping, Maya doubled her efforts, slowly dropping until she was on the floor, her legs splayed. Another spurt escaped, and she felt the wetness on her fingers. Taking her hand, Maya slide it underneath her panties and pressed right against her womanhood. Crying softly, she felt another spurt escape, then another. The small wet patch on her camel toe heightened her desperation.

Wiggling slightly, she had tears forming in her eyes. Another surge and she felt the pressure increase dramatically. Unable to hold it, she cried as she peed herself. This lasted for a minute as her underwear and legs became soaked. Embarrassed, though relieved, she squealed when the guards came. Two took her by an arm, and lead her through the maze. Much of her energy spent in her desperate struggle, she tried vainly to get away.

Finally, one of the guards opened the door to the water. As the guard on the left let go, the one on the right got behind her and started to push her towards the water. She put up a fight, trying to use her feet. At the edge, the guard grabbed her by the waist, and lifted her up. Dangling over the water, Maya brought her hands down, trying to cover her soaked panties. The guard threw her, causing Maya to land butt first. As she got out of the water, a whistle blew, signifying that she was out of the game.

}}

*002*2015-11-18 03:21

Thanks for the input. I'm glad to see some like my ramblings. :)

*004*2015-11-18 18:09

I'm always willing to listen if you have any ideas of write I could write with a similar concept. :)

*006*2015-11-18 23:06

Sounds good. Apologies if I come off as pushy. This site has been great for me to talk about my fetish, kind of a relief actually.

*008*2015-11-20 19:30

Update:

Well, I add another addition I wrote similar to Maya. I wrote this years ago, so forgive me if the writing is sub-par.

{{:

The next contestant up was Eudial from the Witches Five. Taking off her labcoat, she was wearing her standard battle outfit. Confident, she strolled into the maze. Running through the first three combs, she was startled when she ran into a guard. Turning to leave, she shrieked when the guard grabbed one of the pieces to her black skirt. Pulling away, she managed to escape with that piece coming off.

However, another guard had arrived in front of her. She backed up when the other guard grabbed her by the waist. With the other guard taking her feet, they dragged her into the center. Placing her in the middle, Eudial blushed as she removed her suit. When she was done, she was dressed in a matching pair of red bra and panties.

When the guards left, she resumed, one of the guards was waiting for her. Going to his left, she began running. Unfortunately, she ended up back at the entrance. Laughing, one of the guards grabbed her by her waist, hoisting her up. He placed her down, with the two other guards grabbing her arms. They began dragging her, despite her attempts to resist.

Dragging her for awhile, they placed her into the same comb Maya was in. Eudial scratched her head where she was when the green light flashed into the room. Gasping at her filling bladder, she jumped up, and managed to climb over the wall. However, the increased need to pee limited her mobility. Resorted to taking baby steps, she whimpered as she had both hands pressed into her crotch. She could only make two combs before she had to stop. Moaning, she crossed her legs while squeezing her crotch through her panties. Bending forward slightly, she whimpered when a spurt escaped. Feeling the dampness on the front of her panties, another spurt spread the wet patch, causing Eudial to whimper.

After a few seconds, she could hold it no longer. She was bouncing from leg to leg, biting her lower lip, swaying her hips back and forth. With a hiss, she let the dam break, despite her hands still clutching her privates. When she was finished, she found most of her strength gone.

The guard’s reappeared, dragging her by each arm. They stopped in front of door, leading to the land exit. Taking her by the feet and arms, two guards brought Eudial outside. There, one guard took each foot in hand, spreading her legs. Struggling slightly, the only thing Eudial could do was to grab the guards arm, knowing it was a futile gesture. The third guard then began smearing her body. She squirmed as he patted her stomach.

Done, the other two guards began rocking her. They did it slowly, delaying the inevitable. She squirmed as the guards finally threw her into the trap, landing butt first. Rising from the water, Eudial seemed weak getting out. Upon getting out, she saw the back of her panties were down, exposing part of her butt. Bringing them back up, she realized she had another desperate urge to pee. She hurried off, knowing her already weakened pee muscles wouldn’t hold for long.

}}

*010*2015-11-20 21:57

Thanks Minerva. :)

I have a few more entries, but they don't contain wetting. Should I upload those or hold off?

*012*2015-11-21 03:34

Ok!

Here's another entry with Misato from Evangelion.

{{:

Misato was next, donned in her black dress, neglecting to use a helmet. She passed through the first two combs with no difficulty. She ran into a guard on her third, but sidestepped him. She dashed into the fourth, the guard hot and her heels. As she entered her fifth, the guard reached out and grabbed the back of her dress. Surprised, she grabbed the door jam, and held on with all of her might. Another guard showed up, grabbing her legs, lifting them up. With both guards pulling her, their strength quickly overwhelmed hers. Ripped from the door, she was dragged to the center of the maze, where the final guard stood waiting.

Finally let go, she belatedly removed her dress, shoes and socks. All that she was left in was her purple bra and thong. She blushed with having her butt exposed for the whole to see. She left soon after the guards did. Unfortunately for Misato, she ran into another guard. She tore off, running as fast as she could through the maze. She opened one door to reveal water, and was able to sidestep in time. The guard, however, was right on to her, followed by the other two. She backed up, inadvertently into another door heading to water.

Feeling herself falling out, one of the guards grabbed her arms, intent on capturing Misato. The wrestler grabbed the back of her thong, making Misato wince. The guard holding her arms let go, the force spinning Misato around. As she fell, her thong rode up, causing her to stop her descent. The guard holding her pulled the thong up, pulling her back into the maze. She winced as the thong rode up, making a camel toe, and having the fabric ride into her crotch. Her attempts to stop by grabbing the door jam failed. The guard holding her thong let go, and grabbed her arms, bringing them behind her back. Another guard smeared her face with his hand, while the third patted her down all over her body, though avoiding her intimate areas.

Embarrassed, Misato didn’t fight while the guards lead her to the exit. As a farewell gift, one of the guards smacked her butt, causing her to jump a little. Her response was to turn around and kick the offender in the nuts. The guard went to the floor in pain. Satisfied with herself, Misato walked away from the maze, not caring in the slightest that the whistle was blowing, signifying her elimination.

}}

*014*2015-11-21 05:24

Thanks. I have one or two more left.

*I think I'll wrap up the holding contest RP soon. If I started a new RP with this premise, any interest?*

*016*2015-11-21 18:32

*Cool, I can organize it tonight.* :)

*018*2015-11-22 04:28

Have another addition. This one is shorter, because I like the character, and wanted her to win!

{{:

The next contestant up was Rei Ayanami. The 18 year old former NERV pilot showed no emotion as she walked up towards the entrance. Calmly, she strode into the first comb. Dressed in her school uniform, she silently passed through the first two combs with no sight of the guards. She stayed on the edge of the maze, cautiously avoiding the guards. On opening one door and finding water, she stopped, and moved to her right through another comb. Her strategy worked, though with only three combs to go, a guard saw her. She broke into a run, making to the last comb, and opening the door to the exit.

A hand grabbed the back of her uniform, and pulled. Her momentum lost, Rei did nothing as the guard wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her up. He carried her to the center of the maze, where the other two were waiting. Once there, they set her down in the middle. She wasted no time in taking off her uniform. When she was, she was clad in a set of baby blue bra and panties. If the guards expected her to blush or be embarrassed from lack of clothes, they were disappointed. The guards left, giving Rei a few moments to think. Closing her eyes, she recalled the layout.

Satisfied with her calculations, she took off in a dead run. A guard flashed to her right, but Rei was faster. The last door she opened lead to the exit, as a guard reached for her. Putting on an extra burst of speed, she evaded the guard’s clutches. As she slowed down, a horn blew, signifying her victory. Not a braggart, Rei smiled and walked off towards the hill overlooking the maze, where the victors where to watch the rest of the competition.

}}

