Behind Closed Doors (A Sabrina the Teenage Witch Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-05-25 19:13

A/N: Another commission for vexer.

Sabrina didn't even realize that she had messed the spell up so badly. At the time, when she was practicing a simple movement spell, she had simply thought it hadn't worked. When the door failed to close, she thought that she had gotten something wrong, and though she practiced it a few more times, still, nothing happened. Eventually, she had given up, because she needed to go somewhere, and it wouldn't be until later that she had figured out just how badly the spell had gone wrong.

She went throughout her day, going to her classes and seeing her friends, and then that evening, she, Roxie, and Morgan had plans to study together. Everything felt normal when she closed the door behind them, and they settled in for the evening, sipping at sodas while they went over their work together. It wasn't until much later that they began to experience anything odd, and before that, things were going to get bad for them in another way.

They weren't really paying much mind to how much they had to drink, not seeing any need to be concerned when they were home and could go to the bathroom whenever they wanted to. The slight urge to pee began to crop up in each one of them at some point, but it was so light that they all managed to ignore it in favor of continuing to study.

Of course, things weren't completely serious, and they would often get sidetracked in conversation, and it was during one of those conversations that they all burst into laughter. This caused a sharp pang for Morgan that reminded her of her need, and she realized that it had gotten pretty bad in the time since she had first noticed it. Fidgeting, she decided that she could still wait a little bit longer. It wasn't that bad yet, and she wanted to at least wait for a break in the conversation.

But the conversation just kept going, and she caught herself getting sidetracked again and again and again. Soon enough, she really had to pee, but she still couldn't convince herself to get up, lest she miss out on anything important. It never seemed like a good time to excuse herself, and whenever she thought she had the chance, she would think of something that she wanted to say and then she would be forget her need again until she was sidetracked once more.

It wasn't until she was squirming where she sat that Morgan realized that she had pushed herself just a little too far, and that she couldn't afford to wait much longer. Finally, she spoke up and excused herself, and when she stood up, it hit her hard. She had to go even worse than she thought, and she was glad that she hadn't let herself get distracted again, heading for the door.

But when she turned the knob, the door didn't open and she looked at the knob in curiosity. It didn't appear to be locked, but she turned the lock instead, just in case something about it was backwards. She turned it again, but it still didn't work, and she turned the lock back the other way, only to find that it didn't matter how the lock was turned. The knob didn't work, and the door would not open.

“Sabrina?” she asked. “Is something messed up with your door?”

“Huh? What do you mean?” Sabrina stood up and came over, trying the door herself. “What's wrong with this thing?” She fiddled with the lock as well, not sure what was going on with it. Just like with Morgan, it didn't matter what she did with it, the door would not budge. Roxie came over to try to help, but she had no more luck than either of them did.

Sabrina wracked her brain, trying to figure out what the hell was going on, and then it hit her and she froze. Could it be her spell that was responsible for this? She'd thought it just hadn't worked, but what if it had worked too well, and now her door was stuck closed because of it? If that were the case, this was all her fault, but how was she going to fix it? Casting another spell was out of the question, because she had the girls with her, and she couldn't let them see her doing something like that, but what else was there for her to try?

They obviously couldn't get the door to open on it's own, and they couldn't do anything to damage it. Busting it out of the frame would get them into a lot of trouble, so if she didn't use magic, they really would be stuck in here, and she knew that Morgan seriously had to pee. Not to mention the fact that she knew she would have to go pretty soon herself, but without a way out of the room, that wasn't in the cards for either of them.

“What are we going to do?” Morgan wailed. “I really, really can't last that much longer! I don't think I can hold it.” And she squirmed to make her point, biting her lip and whimpering.

“I don't know,” said Sabrina with a sigh, trying to ignore her own need as it grew. She needed to focus, to try and think of something she could do to get the door open. “I can't...I don't understand why it doesn't work. I've never seen a door do something like this before.”

“Well, I don't want to make a mess on your floor, but I don't think I'm going to have much of an option soon,” Morgan replied, whining. Her bladder ached for relief, and she knew that she wouldn't last long enough for them to figure out a solution, but still she tried to fight. If there was even a slight chance that she could make it, she wasn't going to give up, even if it seemed completely hopeless.

Crossing her legs and wiggling around, she listened and Sabrina and Roxie discussed different possibilities. Roxie brought up breaking down the door, but Morgan knew they couldn't do that and Sabrina said as much. The windows were too small for a person to fit out of, so that ruled them out as well. Their only hope was calling someone for help, and finally, they settled on calling a lock smith, hoping that it wouldn't be long before one could be sent out to help them.

But Morgan couldn't even afford to wait a few minutes for anyone to let them out; she had to pee now, and she knew that she had reached the very end of her rope. Her friends fell silent when they heard her moan in distress, and looked at her just in time to see her lose control. Morgan's knees buckled as her bladder gave out, the contents spilling over, flooding her panties.

As soon as Sabrina and Roxie saw the dark patch beginning to spread, they were quick to look away, giving their friend some privacy as she began to wet herself. Tears stung her eyes, and she sighed, giving into her own needs and soaking herself completely as she emptied her aching bladder. She whimpered quietly, pathetically, as she looked down and watched the carpet grow soaked beneath her, a puddle forming that was quickly absorbed by the fabric.

She'd done what she could to avoid this, but there was no way she could have predicted that the door would get stuck like that. Maybe if she'd gotten up sooner, she might have been able to wait until the locksmith arrived, but there was just no way to tell and she couldn't have known this would happen. Still, she was humiliated beyond belief, and couldn't believe that she had actually wet herself in front of her friends like that.

“I'm sorry,” she mumbled, when it was over. “I didn't mean to make a mess like that, I thought I could...”

“Don't worry about it,” Sabrina said quickly. “It wasn't your fault.” And it wasn't, and she felt more guilty than she could possibly say- because, of course, she couldn't admit to her guilt in the matter. No one could know why she felt so guilty, and so she couldn't let them know that she felt guilty in the first place.

“Yeah,” added Roxie, a look of discomfort crossing her face, “it could have happened to any of us.” From the way she winced, it became pretty clear to the other two that it was actually possible that it could happen to another of them, and soon. Sabrina had known that she had to pee, but she hadn't been able to tell that Roxie was in the same boat until now. Growing even more guilty, she hoped that the locksmith would be able to do something, or that the spell would soon wear off. Until then, she and Roxie would just have to keep holding it.

But their lock smith wouldn't be there for another hour, or at least that was what they were told when they made the call, and Roxie had only barely managed to mask the fact that she'd had to pee for a very long time. Now that she had seen Morgan wet herself like that, it only made her need all the more apparent, and she bit her lip, knowing that she couldn't last forever, and that if she could manage to last the next hour, it would have to be some sort of miracle.

She sat down on her bed, crossing her legs at the ankle and trying to sit still, trying to convince herself that it wasn't as bad as she thought it was. However, it was just as bad, and she really did have to go so badly that sitting still wasn't much of an option. Soon, she was bouncing slightly on her bed, trying to do whatever she could to make this easier on her. Her breath was coming labored now, and she bit down hard on her lip, almost hard enough to draw blood, willing to do anything to distract herself from the throbbing in her bladder.

Sabrina watched her with concern, praying that her friend could last long enough. But she had her own bladder to worry about, and she had to worry about the fact that she knew they couldn't really get out without a spell. The more she tried to pretend that they could just wait, that it would wear off or the lock smith would figure things out, the less she actually convinced herself, and she knew that she would have to try a reversal spell when the others were distracted.

The fact that Roxie was desperate was enough of a distraction, but the fact that she was desperate meant that it was hard to focus on remembering the reversal spell, and she didn't want to risk casting the wrong thing and making the situation worse for them. It wouldn't be until she didn't have to worry about her own full bladder that she would be able to focus, but that didn't really help her much at all. If she was going to wet herself either way, what was the point?

But, then, there was Roxie, still holding out, and even if none of them made it, they still couldn't afford to be trapped in here. Sabrina couldn't just give up on fixing this because the situation seemed a little bit hopeless. Whatever happened, she had to get them out of here, and she had to keep them from noticing that she did it.

Roxie's face was so screwed up in concentration, and Morgan was off in her own world, probably trying to recover from her humiliation. If any time was good for it, it would be now, but then Sabrina was distracted as she heard Roxie yelp and saw her leap up from the bed to avoid soaking it. She had lost her own battle, hands jammed between her legs and face red with humiliation.

She'd been struggling for quite some time, and while the other two girls had been thinking about their own problems, Roxie had felt herself growing closer and closer to defeat, and though she'd done all she could, she had begun to leak again and again. It was only when she knew that the leaks wouldn't stop, that one of them would turn into something more, that she gave up and stood, soaking another spot on the carpet rather than her own bedspread.

Sighing, she apologized weakly, but was met with only support from her friends as Morgan indicated her own mess and Sabrina replied that she would be there any minute now. And it was true; seeing both of her friends wet themselves had only made it harder for her to hold on, and now she was struggling to keep her cool when her bladder was throbbing, and she felt as though she could burst at any second.

In the back of her mind, she ran through spells she knew, coming up with what should work as a reversal spell for her door closing. Once she had that in mind, she looked over to her friends to see if they were properly distracted, but they were focused intently on her, as if waiting to see when she would join them in their humiliation. Squirming, she realized that there was no longer any hope of them getting that distracted again, not until something more interesting than her growing desperation came along.

The only thing she could think of for that was the lock smith, but he wouldn't be there for another half hour! Of course, it would also work out perfectly because they would think he had been the one to get the door open, but that definitely meant she would end up wetting herself. No longer was it a matter of seeing if she could focus on the spell and her bladder at the same time; now, it was certain that she would be just as soaked as her friends.

Groaning to herself, she crossed her legs. She knew that, since it really was hopeless, she might as well just give up and let go now, but there was still a part of her that wanted to keep fighting until the very end, just in case there was a chance that she made it. Her breath was heavy and she clenched her fists, crossing her legs and putting all of her focus temporarily on holding back.

For a moment, however, her resistance faltered, and a small spurt broke free, soaking into her panties. She let out a little gasp and her friends gave her concerned looks, but she waved a hand to let them know that she was okay for now. Even so, she knew this was a sign that she would not be okay for much longer and she redoubled her efforts, crossing her legs a bit tighter and bouncing up and down in place.

She hissed, jiggling her knees and clenching her muscles as tight as possible, but even with that much resistance built up, she felt herself fall victim to a second leak, dampening her panties even more. Sabrina grit her teeth, jamming her hands between her legs to try and stop the flow, but a third and a fourth leak only confirmed that this was the end of the line for her as well.

She had fought hard, like her friends, and she had managed to last a bit longer than the other two, but she couldn't last any longer, and so she gave in to the demands of her overfull bladder, dropping her hands before she began to empty herself, her friends making sympathetic noises as they noticed her own puddle forming in the carpet beneath her.

They were quick to offer her sympathy, but more than anything, Sabrina was really just relieved at this point. It had been so painful that she almost wished she had just given up a long time ago and purposefully wet herself, rather than forcing herself to wait to this point. But now that it was over, all they had left to do was wait for the lock smith, and they decided to change clothes, Morgan borrowing from them, so that they could try to look presentable when he arrived. They used the dry areas on their wet clothes to help them dry off everywhere else, but they would have to clean up a bit more thoroughly when they were free.

Not long after that, they heard a knock at the door and the lock smith asked if he was at the right room. Roxie quickly replied that he was, and he got to work, just as perplexed by the door as they had been. The girls stood by the door, talking with him about it and trying to help him figure out what was wrong, and that gave Sabrina just the distraction she needed.

Stepping back a bit, and making sure that they really weren't paying a bit of attention to her, she quietly said what needed to be said, hand directed at the door. For a moment, there was nothing, but suddenly, the door began to jiggle. It was still locked from all the fiddling they had done earlier, but the lock smith had that part figured out in no time, and as he swung the door open, he was met with cheers from the three girls.

Sabrina gave a sigh of relief; though she had gotten them into the mess, she had also gotten them out of it, and even if she hadn't gotten them out of it in time to spare them a bit of humiliation, it could have been a lot worse. And with their clothes changed, the lock smith at least did not know of it and did not seem to notice the damp spots in the carpet as they thanked him profusely and paid him. It had been a wild night, but she was glad to know that it had all turned out okay.

