So easy to get carried away (A Revolutionary Girl Utena fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-02-26 15:09

A/N: A commission I wrote with mild sexual content, in which Anthy and Utena have a heated make out session while they have to pee, and end up wetting themselves.

It has taken the two of them quite a while to get to this point. When they met, there was no way to tell that this is how things would end up, and yet, now that they have made it through everything they have, Utena could not be happier to have ended up where she is, right here with Anthy. The two of them have made a lot of progress to be able to be as close as they are now, and, now that they have nothing to hold them back, Utena is happy to spend as much time tangled up with her girlfriend as possible.

The two of them have a tendency to get carried away together, so distracted that neither want to stop kissing. Their make outs are often very intense, and Utena is completely addicted to the feeling of being with her girlfriend. No matter how long they have spent together, Utena has always found herself completely helpless in the face of her attraction to her, and no amount of making out can ever satisfy that. It is not so much that it is impossible to get enough of Anthy, but that she is just too good at what she does, and Utena gets too worked up every single time.

Right now, the two of them are in Utena's bedroom, having been in the middle of watching a movie, but not even getting halfway through before they got distracted and started making out instead. Utena does not mind, since this is far more fun than anything the movie had to offer, and she knows that they will have plenty of chances to watch movies in the future, so long as she gets her fill of Anthy right now. The two of them had been sitting side by side on the bed, but that changed quickly, as Anthy pulled her in closer and closer, until Utena was straddling her lap.

From there, Utena did not need much to get the idea, and now, the two are pressed close together, able to feel the warmth from one another's bodies as they cling and kiss. At times like this, Utena can never get enough of her, and so, she has no intentions of stopping. She does not plan on moving from her spot either, and so, it is all up to Anthy to get things moving along. She does not take long to figure out what is expected of her, and, with a slight moan into the kiss, Anthy starts to move her hands beneath Utena's shirt, running her slender fingers down her girlfriend's back.

This is enough to make Utena gasp, but she does not break the kiss. Instead, she just keeps going, moaning and whimpering into it as Anthy caresses her. Anthy is very good at this, and she knows just what her girlfriend likes. She knows how to tease her, and just when she needs more. Right now, Utena has a feeling that it will be some time before Anthy is willing to let things progress further, and that thought alone makes her shiver in excitement, hardly able to wait for more.

But, for now, she is happy just letting Anthy do as she pleases, and so, she continues to let herself enjoy the kiss, as Anthy's fingers dance along her skin, slowly teasing her, and slowly driving her crazy. It is not long before Utena finds herself grinding forward, desperate to feel some pressure applied between her legs, and wanting to feel it so badly that she can barely contain herself. It is hard not to go crazy like this, so worked up by Anthy's teasing and kisses, but at the same time, Utena does not want to seem too needy.

While all of this is going on, the two of them are far too distracted to notice anything else going on with their bodies, beyond their growing arousal and need for each other. Specifically, the fact that both girls shared in tea when they first met up, and now, that tea is beginning to work its way into their bladders. Right now, it is just a slight need, something that would only be a nagging sensation, if either of them were aware of it. However, since it is just a small need, it is hardly enough to distract from their heated make out session.

And so, both of them continue on, neither thinking anything of the situation, or the slight need that grows with each passing second. Of course, there is no way for them to ignore their growing needs forever, and, at some point, they are going to have to break their kiss, but right now, neither of them are really thinking that far ahead. When Anthy does eventually break the kiss, it is only so that she can trail kisses along Utena's neck, something that sends shivers down her spine.

"Oh, Anthy," she murmurs, feeling herself grow even more excited. Anthy knows just how to get her going, and she knows just what buttons to push, to really drive her girlfriend crazy. It is no wonder that she is completely oblivious to the growing pressure in her bladder, not when she has a perfect distraction like the way Anthy continues to pleasure her.

At the same time, Anthy is every bit as oblivious to her own needs, more focused on the way she kisses along Utena's skin. She moves her lips along the girl's neck, before she begins to move her lips up her jaw, and then down again. Then, she pulls away just enough to tug the collar of Utena's shirt, so that she can kiss at her collarbone. By now, Utena is a whimpering mess, completely lost in the feeling of everything.

Then Anthy begins to kiss back up, so that she can find Utena's lips with her own once more. Utena is quick to reciprocate, moaning into the kiss and grinding down against her girlfriend. The two are completely caught up in their lust, and are unable to think about anything else. There is nothing that can hold either of them back, nothing that can distract them from their lust, and nothing that can make them realize that the more they kiss, the more they will lose control.

But, the fact remains that, the longer they make out, the more that the need in their bladders builds up. By now, the two of them should definitely Anthy's lips are pressed to hers, and her tongue is in her mouth, overwhelming Utena with so much pleasure that she does not have the sense to notice anything else. Her focus is entirely on her girlfriend, on the way her girlfriend is touching her, and the way that her girlfriend makes her feel, and there is nothing that can be done to stop her. Anthy usually takes the lead in situations like this, and Utena is happy to let her, but, the more heated she becomes, the more she wants to push back, to give Anthy what she feels she deserves in return.

So, Utena lets her hands travel down Anthy's body, until she is pushing up the other girl's skirt, so that she can grab onto her ass. At the same time, she presses her lips harder to Anthy's, pushing her own tongue forward, and showing the other girl just what she wants from her. Anthy seems perfectly happy to let her take the lead, and so, she lets Utena push forward, allowing her girlfriend to take over control of the kiss. Utena squeezes Anthy's ass while she does, and it feels amazing, getting her more and more worked up, as she struggles to keep herself together.

If they were doing just about anything else right now, it would be easy to feel the way that their bodies are straining, how strong the pressure has grown. If they were doing just about anything else, they would both be looking for any sort of excuse to go to the bathroom right now. Yet, neither of them notice a thing, because they are far too caught up in their kiss. Utena does not realize what she is doing when she pushes her hips forward, and when her thighs begin to press together, trying to squeeze tight. In fact, all she notices is that the way she presses her legs together feels good, heating her up all the more, and causing her to get even more lost in their shared intimacy.

The two continue to grind against each other, getting closer and closer, as their lust and arousal grows. All the while, their bladders get heavier and fuller, reaching the limits of what their bodies can hold, until they are both on the verge of losing control, without even realizing it. The two of them are so caught up in the heat of the moment, so wrapped up in the kiss, and so unaware of everything else, that it doesn't really matter how full their bladders might become- the only thing that matters to either Utena or Anthy is the other, and how close they can be.

Anthy's lips are pressed to hers, and her tongue is in her mouth, overwhelming Utena with so much pleasure that she does not have the sense to notice anything else. Her focus is entirely on her girlfriend, on the way her girlfriend is touching her, and the way that her girlfriend makes her feel, and there is nothing that can be done to stop her. Anthy usually takes the lead in situations like this, and Utena is happy to let her, but, the more heated she becomes, the more she wants to push back, to give Anthy what she feels she deserves in return.

So, Utena lets her hands travel down Anthy's body, until she is pushing up the other girl's skirt, so that she can grab onto her ass. At the same time, she presses her lips harder to Anthy's, pushing her own tongue forward, and showing the other girl just what she wants from her. Anthy seems perfectly happy to let her take the lead, and so, she lets Utena push forward, allowing her girlfriend to take over control of the kiss. Utena squeezes Anthy's ass while she does, and it feels amazing, getting her more and more worked up, as she struggles to keep herself together.

The more that Anthy lets her lead, the more control Utena takes over the kiss, the more excited she gets, and the more turned on, and the harder it becomes for her to resist her growing need. However, that need is not the- perhaps more important- one of her bladder, but rather, her need for more from Anthy. Right now, she is still completely oblivious, and simply lucky that her general toughness has led to a decent level of endurance.

At the same time, Anthy has the habit of ignoring her bladder for a number of reasons. Though she has made leaps and bounds when it comes to asserting her own desires, she has had a history of putting her own needs aside, whenever she is doing something for someone else. Therefore, she is not paying her body much mind right now, and she is not bothered by the need in her bladder, or the way that her muscles spasm and threaten to release, no matter how close the two of them get, and no matter how hot things become.

It's not just about her desire to give Utena what she needs, either. If anything, the fact that she has begun to follow her own desires makes it even easier for her to push her body's needs aside, her own endurance very strong just due to her experience with such things. When Utena starts to take the lead, all she wants to do is submit and indulge in the moment, and so, there is not a part of her that actually realizes what is going on, let alone that she is not the only one struggling with a bladder full of hot, urgent piss.

Instead, she can think only of the way Utena has pushed her down, and how Utena now lies atop her, pressing her hips against hers, while their kiss becomes even more intense, and their tongues tangle. It is the best feeling in the world, and Anthy is more than happy to indulge her girlfriend, and to let her have complete control. She has had her fill of controlling things in her life, and it is a relief to give it up, and give herself over completely to her lover, so that she does not have to worry about any of it. Though there are definitely other things she should worry about controlling right now, those things are far from her mind.

As their make out session grows even more intense, with the two of them pushing their legs together, trying to get a little bit more friction, Anthy is already well on her way to being a mess. She is only just now starting to notice the sharp twinge from her bladder, and even so, that's not enough to get her to snap out of this haze of lust. Her body is too weak for that, too helpless against her own need and desire, and especially her desire for Utena, who is currently doing an amazing job of leading the kiss, and taking her breath away with every move.

As for Utena, she has started to figure out that she needs to pee as well, but, even as it starts to become too urgent to ignore, she tries to push it right back out of her mind. The idea of interrupting things with Anthy now, when they're getting so carried away together, feels too embarrassing for her. Instead, she would rather keep holding it, so that she can focus entirely on the other girl, and so that she can keep making out with her, without having to deal with something as mundane and inconvenient as her full bladder.

Besides, it's not like this is the first time that she has held it this long. There were times in school, when the teachers were strict, and would not allow her to leave her seat, not even if she had an emergency. Not to mention long hours spent playing sports, forcing her to toughen herself up. All of that has served her well, and so, she doesn't even think anything of how full her bladder has become.

However, her endurance has its limits, and as the two girls get closer and closer, she is starting to come up against those limits. The pressure in her bladder is so much that she can hardly bear it, and she is starting to feel the desperation building. But, Anthy does not show any signs of slowing down, and Utena would hate to interrupt this, and she would hate to make things awkward by saying something like, "I need to pee," so she decides that it is better to hold it.

She is not going to let herself get distracted by something like that, and not when she is so close to getting the most out of this. She and Anthy are really starting to get into it now, and she does not want anything to ruin this. She does not want anything to distract her, especially not something as silly as her own bladder, and so, she does not even bother considering the alternative. It is not going to be a problem, no matter how badly her bladder strains.

As Utena grinds against Anthy, and her tongue presses against her girlfriend's, she feels herself getting so worked up that it is dizzying. Everything is perfect, and she can hardly believe that she has managed to get so lucky, not just with finding someone like Anthy, but in the way that things are going. They are able to be this close, and they are able to be this intimate, and it is everything she has ever wanted.

As their make out session gets more and more passionate, Utena is left completely lost in the moment. She has lost sight of the fact that she needs to pee, and has no idea just how much longer she is going to be able to hold on. All she knows is that she does not want to stop making out with Anthy, and she does not want to give up this feeling. Her bladder is screaming at her, but it is not going to be a problem, and soon, she is starting to forget about it, as she is completely taken over by the excitement and the need and the passion, the feelings getting the best of her.

The two girls continue to kiss, grinding against each other, completely lost in their intimacy, and completely unaware of the way their bodies are struggling. Anthy's bladder is just as full as Utena's is, and both are at the same point, both ready to lose control and both struggling, and neither has the slightest idea that this is the case. Neither has the faintest clue that the other is just as desperate as they are, and so, neither is sure just how close they are to disaster, just how close they are to a mess, and a very embarrassing one at that.

All that matters to either of them is how much fun they are having, and how amazing the other girl is. Both are too distracted by their feelings for the other, and too distracted by their own arousal, to even realize that their bodies are both at their limits. They are so close to losing control, and yet, it is hard to even think about anything else, when they are this into their kissing, and this into the feelings between the two of them.

However, no matter how strong either girl may be, they both have their limits, and no amount of desire can prevent the inevitable from happening. In particular, it is while Utena is still trying to fight her need that her need truly begins to fight back. Her bladder is so full now, and she is so overwhelmed by everything that is going on, and by her desperation, and the way her body cries out for her, begging her to just let go, that she can no longer fight it.

She is so desperate to hold it, but there is only so long that she can manage that. With a moan, Utena lets go, and the moment that her control gives way, she begins to piss herself, her shorts becoming wet, and then soaked, as she starts to relieve herself, completely helpless. Right there, on top of Anthy, she lets her control go, and she begins to lose control, and she pisses herself.

As soon as it happens, Utena is aware of what has happened, and she is aware of the fact that she has just pissed herself, and the worst part is that it does not even seem to slow her down. Her desperation is not even the slightest bit less, and, instead of feeling embarrassment, or wanting to pull back and try and contain the damage, all she wants to do is keep making out with her girlfriend, and she doesn't want to let that go. It takes her far too long to realize just what she's doing, her delayed humiliation causing her to pull back, gasping.

"Anthy! I-I'm so sorry, I didn't...I wasn't..." However, try as she might, Utena can't think of any way to explain herself. Not after what she has just done- and is still doing, her bladder so full that it seems to take forever to empty, and, naturally, she's far past the point of stopping it.

"Don't apologize, if that's what you're into," Anthy murmurs, before pulling her back in for another kiss. It takes Utena a moment to get into it, her embarrassment and shock getting the best of her, but soon enough, she is melting into the kiss, her heart racing. She should stop, shouldn't she? But even after the initial shock of her accident, she finds herself still too horny, and the moment she starts kissing her girlfriend again, all of her other concerns melt away.

She has no idea what's going on, but just like that, she is right back in the moment, forgetting everything else. It feels so much better, now that she's empty...but then, she feels another burst of warm liquid.

"Anthy?" She pulls out of the kiss all over again, surprised as Anthy relaxes her own bladder.

Anthy smiles up at her, a look of blissful relief on her face. "If you're going to make a mess anyway, I thought I'd let go too." Truth be told, she had been very close to her limit already, and feeling Utena let go had been enough to push her there. She would not have been able to keep holding it much longer, but, like this, she can at least play it off.

Though Utena had no idea she was into anything like this, and though it wasn't her intention to try in the first place, and even though it's happening so fast she can barely process any of it, she is pretty sure that she loves this, and is all too willing to let things continue as they are. Even as her mind continues to spin, and her face remains flushed, and even though she has no idea what the two of them are supposed to do next, or how she is supposed to explain her newfound interests to her girlfriend, she is too into it to stop, and does not want to do anything else.

Anthy has no problems with letting this continue. It feels good to give into her desires, and it feels good to indulge Utena. It is a nice surprise, and a wonderful thing, and so, she can only smile as she lets go, the two of them moaning into each other's mouths, as they enjoy the relief, and the release, and the feeling of warmth spreading between them, soaking into their clothes, and onto their skin. It is such a strange situation, but neither of them have the slightest interest in stopping it.

Once Anthy is done, and her stream has ended, and all that is left is the aftermath of the mess they have made, the two of them are quick to resume their kissing, grinding against each other once more. Utena does not know how this is going to change things between the two of them, but she has no desire to stop, and is not afraid of the outcome, because it is going to be with Anthy, and so, whatever happens, she is sure that it is going to be fine.

And, for now, she is free to let Anthy take the lead again, this time certain that things are going to heat up much further, neither of them able to contain themselves anymore. At last, she's going to get what she's needed all along, with Anthy's hands drifting lower as the two get lost in yet another heated kiss.

"Mm, Utena," Anthy says, pulling back, once she has managed to regain her breath. "Are you ready for me?"

"Of course," she replies, her face bright red, and her voice shaky. Even after all this, she can’t help getting nervous in the face of this excitement, but, as always, she has her girlfriend there to help her along. And, if she has Anthy, then she knows that she has absolutely nothing to worry about.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

