Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics) - Page 2

Author: Zapp Renfro

*025*2017-12-22 16:35

A/N: Scooby Doo, Shaggy focused

It’s a night like any other, with the gang trying to catch a monster, but little does Shaggy know, it’s not going to go completely typically, especially not for him. It starts with him not thinking to go to the bathroom before they really get into things, not knowing that his last chance passes him by until it’s too late. But, at first, he doesn’t even think it’s that big of a deal. After all, it’s not so bad yet, so he should be able to hold it until he has another chance, if everything goes well.

That’s before he finds out that he’s meant to be used as bait for the monster however; something that he would have protested even if he weren’t afraid of becoming too desperate to pee. However, there’s not much he can do to protest it now, when he’s got the other three against him, and he doesn’t want to let them know his reason for being nervous, so he decides that he can still hold it through all of this, no matter how challenging it might seem right now.

And, really, it’s not like it’s that bad, at least not at first. At first, it’s just a mild irritation that he’s mostly able to ignore. At first, it’s just the slight knowledge that his bladder isn’t completely empty, that it’s full enough to cause him so problems, but not so bad that he has to be panicked about the possibility of wetting himself, or anything like that. He continues to reassure himself that everything is fine, that as long as everything stays like this, then he’s going to be completely fine.

But things don’t stay the same, because time has to pass, and with the passing of time, things can only get worse in a situation like this. He begins to tap his foot impatiently, wondering how long this is going to take. Waiting like this could take any amount of time, depending on how things go, but he hopes that he isn’t going to have to wait too much longer, and that he’ll be able to make it to a bathroom in time.

If he isn’t able to hold it till the end, then he doesn’t know what he’s going to do. But then, he shakes his head and tries to tell himself not to worry about that right now. It’s not nearly that bad yet, and making himself nervous is only going to make it worse. His bladder continues to throb and he begins shifting his weight from foot to foot, trying to make holding it easier, since he knows it will be a while yet.

It isn’t long before it’s very obvious that he needs to pee, especially as the need gets worse. Time doesn’t go anymore quickly for him, and it becomes nearly impossible for him to keep his desperation in check. He can’t hold still, and he goes from not letting himself worry about it to being nearly panicked in no time at all. It hurts to try to hold it now, and the only sense of relief he has is when the trap works and they unmask the “monster”, just like they always do.

He is, at least, able to keep from wetting during that time, though there are some close calls whenever he’s startled, but now he knows that he doesn’t have as much to worry about. Now, he doesn’t have to stand around being bait, and now he can finally relieve himself, after forcing himself to hold it for way longer than he should have been able.

But, though relief is so close at hand, it’s not quite close enough. He’s pushed himself too hard, for too long, and he doesn’t know if he’s going to be able to find a bathroom in time, nor does he even have the slightest idea of where a bathroom to look for might be. He feels a leak escape him, and he yelps, knowing that this is the end of the line, whether he likes it or not. He’s either going to wet himself or he’s going to have to find an option right then and there.

That’s when his eyes land on a trash can. He knows that he shouldn’t but he also knows that he’ll wet himself if he doesn’t, and he simply can’t take it anymore. He doesn’t care that everyone is watching while he uses the trash can; for a moment, just being able to empty his bursting bladder is enough.

The humiliation doesn’t set in until after he’s completely empty, and he knows that, in the future, he’ll have to be more careful about going to the bathroom beforehand.

*027*2017-12-27 21:38

A/N: Danny Phantom this time

Danny is bored at school one day, as usual, and it is while he is sitting in one of his classes that he begins to first feel the urge to pee. Nothing out of the ordinary, and he decides that he will go as soon as his class lets out. However, once he does leave, he remembers even before he gets to the bathroom to see it for himself; it’s currently out of order.

There was a ghost fight on campus the night before that lead to a bit of property destruction. Nothing that closed school (unfortunately) but it was enough to severely damage the bathroom. Naturally, the repairs still aren’t complete, so that means that he has to wait until later. He tries to think of what to do, but then, he knows that the bell is going to ring soon and that he has to get to his next class, so he hurries off.

What started as a minor urge begins to grow, and he knows that it’s only going to get worse from here. He’s had to hold it through classes before, but he’s always had the option of asking to be excused, and never been in too desperate of a situation before. Somehow, he can already tell that today is going to be different, but he prays that it won’t be so bad that it’s completely unbearable for him. Certainly, he prays that it won’t get so bad that he’s put in a situation where he does something as humiliating as wet himself at school.

Still, as time passes, his desperation grows more, and though he tries to ignore it, it’s hard to focus on his classes when his bladder is aching like this. Danny gets to a point where it’s hard for him to sit still and that’s when he really begins to worry. He decides that he’s going to check when class is over, just to see if the bathroom is fixed, and also decides to go try to use the one in the office if it isn’t. Usually it has to be kept free in case someone is sick, but he wonders if they might make an exception, considering the situation.

So when class ends, he hurries, but the bathrooms aren’t fixed and it looks like they won’t be fixed for a while. He supposes he should have known that it wouldn’t be fixed that quickly, but he still had a little bit of hope. Hurrying, he makes his way to the office and is glad that he is able to make it with still enough time to go and then make it to his next class. However, when he gets to the office and asks if he can use the bathroom there, the only response he gets it, “That’s only for sick students.”

“But the bathrooms are damaged, and-”

“They’ll be fixed soon enough. We can’t risk someone spreading an illness or the bathroom being full when a sick student needs it.”

Though Danny tries to argue his point, they will hear nothing of it, and he doesn’t want to come out and admit that he’s afraid he might wet himself if he waits any longer. But it’s almost time for his next class- and last one of the day- so he has to hurry, cutting the argument short. He doesn’t know if he can hold it until the end, and even if he can, he’s pretty sure he won’t be able to hold it until he can go home, and wishes that he had just faked sick so that he could have used the office bathroom before they were tipped off. Now, he doubts he could get away with it.

He can’t sit still in class, he knows everyone must be able to tell how desperate he is, and then, it happens. He feels himself leak and he lets out a loud gasp, suddenly rising to his feet. Danny doesn’t care that everyone can see him or that he’s ditching class; he can’t wet himself here and he runs out of the room as Sam calls after him, concerned.

He ends up outside, with only one option left; he runs to a tree that he hopes is secluded enough and unzips his pants in the nick of time. What he doesn’t realize is that Sam was so worried about him that she followed him out of the classroom, and she stops short, watching in shock as he relieves himself against a tree.

As soon as Danny realizes that she’s there, he’s overcome with humiliation, but it’s far too late to stop now, and it feels so good to finally be able to empty his bladder that he wouldn’t be able to stop even if he wanted to. He hates that she is seeing him pee in such a public place, but he was at his limit. Once he is finally empty, he quickly zips up and blushes, not quite able to look at her.

Sam is red-faced as well, and mumbles, “I won’t tell anyone about this, okay?”

“Yeah, please just...don’t mention this again,” he agrees.

*032*2018-01-06 19:28

A/N: Chalkzone this time

Penny always enjoys going on adventure with Rudy, exploring Chalkzone together, but there comes a day when she makes a rather big mistake that causes quite the mishap. Of course, at the beginning, it doesn’t seem like that big of a deal. At the beginning, everything seems to be just normal, and at the beginning, it’s just a minor problem.

She feels the urge to pee, one that she considers ignoring, but she decides it’d be better for her to go ahead and deal with it, in case she doesn’t have a chance later. She asks Snap, thinking that he’d be the best to know where a bathroom is.

“We don’t have one,” he replies. “Chalk doesn’t need that.”

She frowns, but doesn’t comment on it, deciding that she can just hold it for now. It shouldn’t be a big deal, she thinks, since it isn’t even that bad yet. She ignores the urge for the time being, enjoying more of her time with Rudy, but it isn’t long before she feels another pang from her bladder, and she winces. She’s getting more and more full, and she isn’t going to be able to ignore it forever, no matter how much fun they may be having.

There are times when she has to stop and stand for a moment, never for too long, because she doesn’t want Rudy or Snap to notice. Holding it is becoming difficult for her now, but there’s nothing she can do about that other than keep trying while also trying to keep them from seeing that it is getting that bad. That would be so embarrassing, especially since even asking for a bathroom was embarrassing in the first place.

She doesn’t know how much longer she’s going to be stuck here, but she also doesn’t want to rush Rudy for something as silly as her needing to pee. As much as she knows she probably shouldn’t force herself to hold it once it becomes uncomfortable for her, she also knows that the humiliation of admitting how bad it’s gotten might be too much for her to bear. Even though there’s no way of telling how long she’s going to have to hold it, she wants to try, and her bladder throbs and protests and threatens to spill over with every step she takes.

It gets so bad that Penny doesn’t know how she’s able to keep moving. At this point, she’s sure it’s just her will to avoid humiliation keeping her going, but even that won’t be able to sustain her forever. She isn’t going to be able to hold it, not when she’s already this desperate, but she doesn’t know what else to do. She opens her mouth a few times to say something to Rudy, but always stops herself short, too embarrassed to go through with it. Though she knows that wetting herself will be worse, it’s still so very hard to come out and admit that things have gotten past a point that she can control.

“I…” She starts, but then stops herself again, her embarrassment winning out all over again. She squeezes her thighs together whenever she has the chance to stop, but by this point, that is not enough to significantly relieve the pressure in her bladder. Nothing is enough, and she needs to say something now but she’s still too shy to bring it up.

And then Rudy looks back over his shoulder at her, and a look of concern crosses his face. She can feel her own face flushing, knowing that she must look pretty pathetic if he can figure her out that quickly. “Do you want me to draw a toilet for you?” he asks, and she goes absolutely red. “It looks like it’s pretty bad.”

As embarrassing as it is, she has to say, “If you don’t mind.”

He gets to drawing, even going so far as to draw a house, giving her all the privacy she needs, which she appreciates. She wastes no time stepping inside, getting her panties down and sitting down, but as soon as she begins to let go, she realizes their mistake. The problem is that any liquid that isn’t chalk washes away what chalk is there, and the toilet collapses beneath her, vanishing as she falls to the ground.

She isn’t able to stop the flow, and the door, melting down a bit as the floor begins to wash away, is hit by the spray, the house coming down around her. Suddenly, Snap and Rudy both get an eyeful of Penny, trying to get herself steady, peeing on the ground and half-naked. Both are so shocked that they can’t even move to react, and she shouts, “Please, don’t look at me!”

Neither is able to look away, they’re so stunned, and either the way, the damage is already done and they’ve both seen more than they bargained for. Penny is so overwhelmed with humiliation that she doesn’t know what to do. All she knows now is that she needs to make sure to always go to the bathroom before going on another adventure with Rudy, whether she feels like she has to or not.

*034*2018-01-09 00:04

A/N: Sly Cooper

At the end of the day, Sly doesn’t really mind the missions that involve spying on Carmelita, just because she’s certainly not bad to look at. There is a part of him that still wishes they didn’t have to be on opposite sides so often, and when times come that they fall on completely different sides, it can be difficult. But necessary work is necessary work, and regardless of how it is, he’s still close to her.

Today, things are going slower than expected, and he should have had the opportunity to leave by now, but she’s been beneath him, filing paperwork, for a very long time while he watches from the ceiling. Not only is it an uncomfortable position to be stuck in for too long- one that he can ignore at first due to experience, but eventually gets tedious- but he particularly wants to be able to get out of here because he’s begun to feel the urge to pee.

At first, it’s just a slight urge that he tries to shrug off, but Carmelita takes her time and he can feel it getting worse as he waits, and waits. Eventually, he can feel his bladder filling more, until it’s more than just a slight urge, and is, in fact, a major inconvenience. That being said, there’s still nothing he can do about it, other than try to wait it out, but it’s very hard to be patient in an uncomfortable position like this, made all the more uncomfortable by his throbbing bladder.

He keeps hoping that she will finish up what she’s doing, but she continues to file paperwork and do other boring tasks that he isn’t even able to get a good look at his from his position, and she makes no move to leave, giving him no chance to escape. He can’t even cross his legs like this even though he really wants to, and he knows that it would help to make the situation easier on him.

It’s so frustrating and hard to hold it, and he grits his teeth, fighting it as much as he can. When he feels a small spurt escape, he gasps softly without thinking, and he’s lucky that she doesn’t hear him and notice he’s there. He’s just so panicked that he can’t help it; he can’t wet himself, especially not now! Fortunately, he’s able to stop it before it becomes worse, but that brief lapse in control has him completely panicked now.

If he doesn’t get out of here, fast, it’s going to end very badly for him. After a few moments, at least, she finishes up, and leaves the room. He’s grateful for that, and gets down slowly, quietly, and takes a moment to just squeeze his thighs together and try to regain his composure before he begins sneaking after her, as following her is the only option to leave. This means that he isn’t completely out of the woods yet, as he has to avoid detection still, but at least he’s closer.

It’s very hard to sneak when he has to pee this badly, and it takes all he has to keep quiet, when he knows that he’s on the verge of wetting himself. He needs to stay hidden from her just a little bit longer, but he knows that if he doesn’t relieve himself soon, it’s going to end badly, and so, he lets a distance grow between them. If anything, he wants to be further away from her if it happens, so that she doesn’t hear. Wouldn’t that just be the perfect way to end this experience?

Things are just too bad for him, and when he creeps past a potted plant, he gets a very bad idea that he isn’t able to shake off. She’s far enough ahead now that she shouldn’t be able to hear him, and if he’s able to empty his bladder now, then getting out of here undetected should be a cinch. He gives it just another moment before he absolutely can’t take it anymore, and hopes that she really is far enough away that she won’t be able to hear him, before he whips it out and lets loose.

The relief is so overwhelming that he doesn’t realize his error, or just how loud the sound is, or that he tips off Carmelita immediately. In fact, he doesn’t even realize that she’s discovered him until she’s behind him, saying, “Hands up, Cooper!”

He’s so surprised that he turns around without thinking, and he hasn’t even stopped the stream, which results in...Carmelita getting sprayed before he quickly turns back around to finish, face burning in humiliation. She sputters and coughs, in utter disbelief of the situation, never lowering her gun once.

When he’s finished, he turns around and puts his hands up, a sheepish expression on his face. “Pull up your pants, you’re under arrest,” she says, in a very tired sounding voice. Once he’s done as he’s told, she cuffs him, and he knows now that he should always be a little more careful about such matters.

*035*2018-01-09 00:14

A/N: Gravity Falls

Mabel Pines is having a very boring day at school, one that is only interrupted with the occasional twinges from her bladder, and she waits patiently for class to end so that she can visit the bathroom. It isn’t too bad just yet, but she knows it’s only a matter of time before it does get bad, and she wants to take care of that as soon as possible. She squirms a bit in her desk, but still, it isn’t so bad that it becomes obvious to anyone.

Finally, the bell rings so she hurries to the bathroom, only to find that it’s currently closed for repairs. She doesn’t remember it being closed earlier, so she hopes that that means the repairs are minor, and that it will be fixed quickly enough. However, it definitely won’t be repaired in time for it to be reopened and for her to go before her next class, and so she decides that she will have to head on and hope that when she comes back, it will be done.

She thinks that she should be able to hold it until then, but she isn’t sure. She’d prefer not to think about what might happen if she can’t. For the most part, she is able to get through class without much incident, though her bladder grows more swollen, protesting more and more, and she wishes that she had been able to relieve herself earlier, and not be in this position now. Sitting still grows more difficult for her, and she knows that she’s going to have to do something about this as soon as possible.

When the bell rings again, she gets up and hurries to the bathroom, only to find that the bathroom is still out of order. She groans to herself, squeezing her thighs together and wondering what to do. She shouldn’t have time to search for another bathroom; this is the only one easily accessible from her classrooms, but she decides that it’s at least worth a try. She hurries to search, moving as quickly as she can manage with her bladder pulsing, but even so, it isn’t quick enough, and she soon has to change directions, lest she be late for her next class.

However, her battle only grows worse from here, and now she’s really not sure that she will be able to wait until the end this class. And, even if she does, if the bathroom isn’t repaired still...she has no idea what she’s going to do. Sitting in class, struggling so openly, gets her a lot of unwanted attention, and though she tries to keep people from noticing, it’s impossible, once she begins squirming more openly.

She squeezes her thighs together and wriggles in her desk, and more and more people see her moving around, wondering what’s wrong with her. It doesn’t take most people long to figure out, and once a few have they begin whispering, and it isn’t long before everyone watching her knows exactly what’s wrong, exactly why she can’t sit still. It isn’t long before they’re laughing at her, and she can’t even bring herself to stop, her desperation so bad now that she knows she could lose control if she did.

School is almost over, but her bladder is so full now that she really doesn’t think that she’s going to be able to make it in time. Even as she pushes herself as hard as she can, she just knows that this isn’t going to end well. She could possibly wait until the end of the day, if she really tries, but what about the bathroom? How is she going to find somewhere to go? It really feels like she’s going to wet herself no matter what she does.

That is why, in her panic, she gets up suddenly and flees the classroom, running as fast as she can manage without losing control, trying to find somewhere to relieve herself before it’s too late. The only option she can think of is outside, which seems faster than trying to search for another bathroom in the school, and she runs out.

Quickly, she finds a tree off to the side of the building that seems secluded enough and, in her hurry, she knows that beggars can’t be choosers. She hikes up her skirt and drops her panties, letting out a heavy sigh of relief, but it’s at that moment that the bell rings and students begin rushing outside to get on the buses. What started as a private place is suddenly in full view of everyone, and as much as she wants to stop, she’s been holding it for so long that there’s no way she can stop herself from exploding, spraying the tree as her bladder empties itself.

It feels like an eternity before she’s finally empty, with what feels like everyone in the whole school watching her, and laughing at her. She’s so humiliated, and her face burns as she hurriedly pulls her panties back up and her skirt back down, running away.

*037*2018-01-10 22:16

A/N: Steven Universe

Steven and Connie are out together one evening, having fun together, when they end up discovering a party that some of Steven’s older friends are interested in going to. However, as soon as they arrive, they’re turned away, told that they are too young to be able to go to something like that.

Disheartened, but only for a moment, the two soon come to the same conclusion for a solution. The two of them alone might not be old enough, but together is an entirely different solution, and so, they decide to form Stevonnie and get into the party that way. Once they are ready, the two of them have no issue getting into the party as one, and they have a lot of fun, though they have to do their best to act natural, and look like they fit in perfectly in this crowd. Eventually, they get thirsty and go for some soft drinks, drinking twice as much as they normally would to make up for the other one, and neither thinking of the consequences of this at the time.

Their fun and dancing continues for a while, but then, the liquid finally starts to catch up with them, and they both feel the urge to pee. Though they both know that the other one must have felt it by now, neither one wants to be the one to bring it up, and neither one really thought about it much before, nor have they ever had a chance to figure out how it works as Stevonnie. Well, now it seems like they have a little bit of an idea, but as for what comes next, neither one of them know, and neither are sure they want to find out.

So they do what they can to ignore it, and just keep having fun.

It doesn’t take too long for things to get really bad, though, and Steven is the first to ask, internally, “Should we go to the bathroom?”

“I guess,” Connie replies, but then says, “But how are we going to do that? You’ll see me half-naked, won’t you?”

“I-I don’t know, I never thought to that part! Maybe you’ll see me half-naked,” Steven replies, a little panicked.

“Maybe it’s a better idea if we don’t do that, for now. We should just stay formed and wait until we leave the party, right?”

“Maybe,” he agrees, somewhat reluctantly. For a little while, they are able to enjoy the party some more, ignoring things, but the urge continues to get worse and worse, and both of them know that they aren’t going to be able to keep this up for long. Perhaps they should have known to leave sooner, and not to try to push things, but neither wanted to be the one to cut the night short over this, if the other still wanted to stay out and have fun.

But now, it’s getting to a point where neither know if they’re going to be able to hold it, and if one of them loses control in this form, then both of them will, and what will that be like when they go back to normal? Finally, Connie, knowing that she can’t take much more, says, “Alright, let’s just go.”

“Yeah, okay,” he agrees, and they head to the girls’ bathroom, at her insistence. However, it’s out of order, and Connie nearly panics. When Steven suggests that they go to the boys’ bathroom, she’s grossed out and tries to resist, but she really doesn’t have much of a choice. They manage to get in without much issue, but absolutely everything is in use, and they’re running out of time.

When their shared body starts to leak, it’s only due to combined effort that they’re able to stop it from getting worse, and it’s a wonder that, in their panic, they’re able to stay fused at all. With the situation getting so dire, they can’t afford to be picky anymore and they hurry, looking anywhere for somewhere private to go. Finally, they reach the same decision in their desperate and grab a cup, hurrying to find somewhere secluded enough to use it.

Once they are alone outside of the party, they think that they are alone enough to not have to worry about being caught. And not a moment too soon, as they start to leak again, they hurriedly get out of their shorts and let go in the cup. For a moment, the relief is so overwhelming that neither of them can think of anything other than how good it feels to let go, but then they hear a soft gasp and look up to see someone from the party looking directly at them.

It’s embarrassing, and both want to stop, but it’s too late to cut the stream short, and so, they just mumble, “Do you mind?” and the person apologizes and leaves. It’s too late to undo the damage, and, not long after they’re empty, they separate. Neither Steven nor Connie will want to discuss this again in the future.

*039*2018-01-12 19:07

A/N: Amazing World of Gumball

Penny and Gumball have been going on a lot more dates lately, and the two grow closer as a couple. On one of these dates, they decide to spend the day at the mall together, and are having a good time when they decide to pause and get lunch in the food court together. While they are eating lunch, both end up drinking a great deal of soda, due to a special regarding free refills with certain sizes of cups, and both wanting to take advantage of that.

By the time they’ve finished their lunch and have decided to continue on, they’ve both drained their cups quite a few times, not paying much attention to how much they were drinking in their excitement. They even get refills to carry with them while they walk through the mall together, though it isn’t long before both begin to slow down, not sipping quite as often, and both overcome by discomfort.

In their excitement, neither of them thought about consequences, and, now that they’ve had so much to drink, it’s only natural that it’s begun to catch up to them and fill their bladders. Both are hit with the urge to pee around the same time, and both try to keep it to themselves at first, not wanting to interrupt their date.

Though they’ve been spending a lot of time together, they’re still at that stage in their relationship where they are shy about things like this, and admitting that they want to stop having fun to go pee feels nearly impossible, or at least very humiliating. Even as it becomes harder to keep walking and ignoring the urge, neither of them wants to be the one to ask for a break, and so neither of them will admit to the problem that is steadily growing worse.

Penny is growing so full now that she can’t remember a time when she’s ever felt like this before. It’s been a very long time since she’s ever been this desperate, and she honestly doesn’t know how far she can push herself before it all gets to be too much for her to handle. She knows that she can’t let it get to a point where she wets herself, but still, she tries to ignore her need for as long as she possibly can.

Gumball is in the same boat, so embarrassed that he tries to ignore things even though he knows that he shouldn’t. He knows that pushing it like this is a bad idea, especially since he had so much to drink that holding it for long isn’t going to be possible. There’s no way he can avoid it for long, so he might as well not push himself or cause himself any discomfort, but still, he waits so long to finally be the first one to say anything about it that he is already getting very close to his limit.

“Hey, can we stop at the bathroom?” he finally asks, and Penny’s relieved expression as she agrees leaves him thinking she is in the same situation. However, once they get to the bathroom, they are not pleased to discover the very long lines that they have to wait in. But they don’t have any choice, they have to wait their turns, and so they get in line, hoping that they will be able to make it.

It isn’t long before Gumball feels himself start to leak, however, and he knows that there’s no way he’s going to be able to wait out this line. He doesn’t know what to do that won’t be utterly humiliating, but wetting himself is the worst option of them all. When he sees a potted plant, he hurries off to it, and though Penny is confused, it doesn’t take her long to figure out what he’s doing.

Since he angles himself mostly behind it, nobody notices besides her, and she follows him, saying, “You can’t do that, that’s…” She’s grossed out by it, but hearing his sighs of relief, and knowing that he was that close to losing control only reminds her that there is absolutely no way that she is going to make it. As much as she wants to scold him further, once he’s done, she knows that she has no other choice but to follow suit.

Determined to not wet herself, she lets her shyness go so that she can use the plant as well, but unlike with Gumball, it is not quite as discreet. It isn’t as easy for her, and so, it goes without saying that she attracts some unwanted attention. But she isn’t able to stop herself now, and she lets go, pee gushing out of her in full-view of most of the crowd.

She’s so humiliated, but the relief is so amazing that she doesn’t care, not for the moment. For the moment, all she cares about is being empty, but once she comes to her senses, she realizes exactly what she’s done, in front of all these people, and in front of Gumball.

Needless to say, their date comes to an end not long after that, with both vowing to never speak of it again.

*041*2018-01-17 18:41

A/N: Kim Possible

It’s been a mostly normal day for Kim, and when she feels an urge to pee, she doesn’t think anything out of the ordinary will happen. Once she’s out of class, she’ll head to the bathroom, and that will be the end of that. Or so she thinks, but once class comes to an end, she goes to the bathroom to discover that the girls’ is closed for repairs, and, with her next class about to start, she knows that she has no choice but to hold it for a little longer.

She still doesn’t think much of it, not yet. She should be able to hold it through her next class no problem, and the bathrooms should be fixed by then, and that means that she’s going to be just fine. She waits patiently, though it becomes more of a nuisance to hold it as she does, and there are times when she squirms in her desk, trying to keep her composure as her bladder throbs. Just a little bit longer, she tells herself, and then finally, the final bell rings.

Fortunately for her, the bathroom is fixed, just as she expected it to be, but unfortunately, there’s quite a line, as other girls were waiting for it to be fixed as well. She gets in line with a sigh, knowing that, once again, she has no choice but to wait. She hopes that it goes fairly quickly, since she’s already been waiting for so long. Waiting in line is never fun, but even less so when dealing with her throbbing bladder, and while she stands in line, she finds herself shifting her weight from foot to foot, trying to be subtle about it. Even though she wants to make it easier on herself to hold it, she still doesn’t want everyone in line with her to know how desperate she is, though other girls are behaving incredibly desperately themselves.

She’s starting to get close to the front of the line, and she feels relieved, knowing that the end is finally in sight, and then an alarm goes off on her watch and she mentally curses. Of course, she should have known that it was getting close to that time!

After school, she has cheerleading practice and, though she’d hoped that she could get this over with before then, now she knows that she doesn’t have enough time. She’s going to be late to practice if she doesn’t head over there right now.

Her desire to make it there on time overrides everything else, and she ends up hurrying over and getting her uniform on, joining the girls just in the nick of time. Once practice has begun, she finds herself really regretting her decision, as her bladder continues to protest, so full now that it’s very hard to do physically demanding activities like this. She can hardly do her stretches, and the actual cheers are nearly torturous for her. But still, she tries to tough it out, acting as if she can actually hold it until the end of practice. She might be able to convince the girls to take a break halfway through practice, and then, she won’t let anything get between her and her relief.

So all she has to do is make it until that point, though that is easier said than done, she realizes. Still, she fights with all she has, struggling to keep up with the practice as her situation gets worse and worse. A few of the girls comment that she’s not up to her usual standards and she laughs it off, trying not to tip them off to her desperation.

And then comes the time for all of them to form the pyramid, something that they’ve been practicing a lot lately. She is the top of the pyramid, and, though she’s actually good at holding her balance and doing her cheers from up there, she dreads it today. Still, she does what she has to, and climbs to the top of the pyramid with the help of the girls.

Once she’s at the top, she feels her urge spiking, growing suddenly so much worse that she leaks, letting out a groan. She fights it, knowing that she has to get down now, before it gets worse, but then, she feels it spike again, and all she can say is, “I-I’m sorry, but I can’t...I can’t hold it!” before she loses control completely.

Her bladder, too full now, begins to empty and she isn’t able to stop it, and she can’t stop herself from soaking all the girls standing beneath her. There are noises of surprise and disbelief, and their support of her falters a bit, and, as she’s sighing with relief, they lose their footing, the pyramid tumbling to the ground.

Once the girls begin to sit up, they all begin to fuss as Kim for the incident, and all she can do is stand up and run off, her face red with embarrassment.

*044*2018-01-22 18:23

A/N; Chowder

It is a hot day at the food market when Chowder and Mung are made to sell things together, and it is only natural that the former finds himself drinking a lot to keep himself hydrated. After all, the heat makes it very difficult to work, and anything he can do to make that easier on him, and keep himself from getting sick, is a good thing.

Of course, that doesn’t change the fact that he drinks too much, and doesn’t pay attention to the fact that he’s drinking so much in the first place. He doesn’t think about that, or that he’s busy at the market, or the consequences of drinking more than he needs to help him combat the heat. Even when it helps, he still feels so hot that he thinks he needs more, and so he keeps drinking more, and more, until he first feels an urge to pee, and he decides that it might be time to slow it down.

However, even once he stops, there is still more making its way to his bladder, so the urge to pee does not stop growing, getting steadily worse as he tries to push it far from his mind. Try is the key word there, as it is nearly impossible to push it from his mind, the more time passes, and the more the urge grows. Eventually, it gets to a point where holding it is growing difficult, and he can’t even stand still, as he tries to fight it off.

It’s no use; no matter how he tries, he isn’t going to be able to hold it for much longer, he doesn’t think. He doesn’t know exactly how much time he has left, but he knows that trying to hold it is futile at this point, that he needs to just go to find a bathroom now.

He excuses himself to head for the public bathroom at the market, but as soon as he gets there, he sees that it’s not going to be as easy as he thought it would be. This is because the line is so long that he can barely even see the bathroom from where he is, and there’s nothing he can do but get at the back of the line and wait his turn, hoping that it goes quickly and that things don’t get too bad between now and then.

While he is standing in line, to his misfortune, Panini bounds up to him, and says, “Hello!”

“Not now,” he says with a wave of his hand. He really isn’t in the mood for her to bug him today, and if she can’t see that he’s in the middle of something, then that’s her problem.

“What are you doing?”

“What does it look like I’m doing?” he asks, even more annoyed by her than usual since his bladder is causing him so many problems. With that, he decides to just ignore her, which isn’t too hard, considering his bladder is taking up most of his attention anyway. However, his need becomes even more obvious as he can’t fight the signs, and it’s embarrassing to be squirming around like this in front of Panini, where she can tell so easily that he’s just barely managing to hold it at this point.

“Are you okay?” she asks, concern plain in her voice.

He hesitates before admitting, “Not really. I’ve really gotta go, I don’t know if I’m going to be able to make it.”

“Is there anything I can do to help?” He can tell that she really is worried, and he replies that he just wishes there was someone else for him to go.

“Let’s look,” she says, grabbing his hand and dragging him off. He’s so desperate now that he’s willing to go along with this and search with her, but no matter how they look, it’s impossible to find somewhere else, and he knows that he isn’t going to last much longer. But then, when they are somewhere a little more secluded, she has an idea and pulls a mostly empty bottle out of her bag, emptying it and asking him if he wants to use it.

Though he normally wouldn’t do such a thing, he has no other option now. He takes the bottle and says, “You better not watch!” She turns around, blushing as she hears him unzip, and blushes even harder as she hears him let go into the bottle with a huge sigh of relief.

Even without being able to see him, it’s hard not to visual his face of relief and how rapidly the bottle fills up as he is finally able to empty his bladder into it. It takes quite a while for him to finally finish, and she realizes that he must have been in a lot of pain from how full he was, and is glad to have been able to help.

When he finally turns back around, all he can say is, “Please, never talk about this again, alright?” She agrees, but even so, she’s glad to have bonded with him in this way.

*046*2018-01-23 00:11

A/N: I should have had this one done weeks ago, but my power went out the day I tried to finish it and I just kind of lost motivation for a bit, and worked on the others. Anyway, centered on Toph from AtLA

Toph has attempted to use needing to go to the bathroom as an excuse to get out of her trap before, but to no avail. Her captors realized just how she was trying to play them, and laughed off her attempts. At first, this is merely frustrating to her, as she would like to get out of here as soon as possible, but, as more time passes, it becomes frustrating in an entirely different way.

Soon enough, she realizes that she really does need to pee, and that, since she was denied a chance to go earlier, that she will likely not be given one now either. For a moment, she regrets crying wolf then, but it likely wouldn’t have made a difference even if she hadn’t; if she asks to go, she will be denied because it will be seen as an escape attempt.

And, she supposes, it still would be, but that’s not as urgent to her right now as actually being able to pee. She doesn’t know how long she will be trapped with no way to relieve herself, and she doesn’t want to think about the possibility of wetting herself, or how humiliating that will be. Her only option is to try to hold it, but she doesn’t know how long she will be able to do that, or what the time limit will even be.

Already, just her panic has made her bladder feel like it is filling faster, and the pressure is growing so rapidly that she knows it won’t be long before it’s unbearable. Once she reaches that point, it’s not going to be possible to keep holding it for long, and already, she’s squirming, frustrated and desperate. Though she knows it will likely do her no good, she decides that she needs to at least try to ask to be let out again, if only to say that she tried.

“Hey, come on!” she calls. “I’m being serious, I really gotta go to the bathroom!”

“Then you’ll just have to hold it,” one of her captors replies with a snicker, “because we aren’t so stupid that we’ll fall for something like that.”

“I’m really, really serious, it’s getting bad!” she complains. “I don’t know if I can hold it!”

“That’s just too bad for you.”

“We really don’t believe you, you know.”

So things just get worse for her, and she lets out a sigh. She expected as much, but it was worth a try? But it really wasn’t, since she knew the outcome before even trying, and now, she’s just as helpless as she was before. It’s been so long since she’s been made to feel helpless, and she doesn’t like it, not one bit. She crosses her legs, grabbing herself to try to relieve the pressure, doing whatever she can to make it easier to hold it, for as long as she possibly can.

Groaning, she bites her lip, wondering just how long she can even hold out like this. It’s going to be a long road, and it’s already so hard to hold it in. There’s just no way that she’s going to last much longer, not with how full her throbbing bladder is. She bounces up and down, struggling more and more to keep control, knowing all the while that she won’t really be able to.

She groans again, and she knows that the guards must be able to hear her, and how hard it is for her. She wants to be embarrassed, but at the same time, they might be able to tell that her need is genuine. If she keeps pushing things, then there still might be a chance for her, and she isn’t even thinking about escape now; only to be able to pee freely, after being forced to hold it for so long.

Every time she lets out a noise of discomfort, they hear every bit of it, and, as much as they don’t want to believe her or trust her, it’s hard not to think that this display is genuine, especially given how utterly distraught she sounds. Though they consider just letting her wet herself and being down with it, it might be best not to anger their prisoner too much, and so, they finally decide that the best thing to do is to let her out.

“We’re going to let you out,” one of them says, much to her relief, “but just to go to the bathroom. We’ll be watching you closely, so no funny business!”

Toph agrees to their terms, so painfully desperate that all she can think about is her own relief, and she’s let out of the box that’s carrying her. She’s so full now that she doesn’t even care that the men are watching her- she can’t see them anyway, so what does it matter?- and she gets her clothes out of the way, letting go right in front of them as she says, “Finally!”

She gives a huge sigh of relief, finally able to empty her overfull bladder, and really doesn’t care that she’s being particularly unladylike right now. It’s just so nice to be able to let it all out, though, as soon as she is empty, she knows that it’s time to break her promise of behaving once let out.

*048*2018-01-23 17:38

A/N: Magic School Bus

The school day starts like any other; the class excitedly begins studying their latest topic, which is the ocean. They all know that the day being like any other day means that it won’t be normal by most standards, and all are waiting for that moment when a strange new field trip is announced.

Finally, as their questions go further, Miss Frizzle asks them if they’d like to see for themselves, and that is how they end up loading up in the school bus to take a drip down into the ocean, some more enthusiastic than others. Before they leave, she makes sure that they all visit the bathroom, though she doesn’t do so herself, not feeling the need to.

Once everyone is settled in the field trip begins and they head for the nearest ocean, the bus accommodating as they descend into its depths. This is when Miss Frizzle first realizes her mistake, as she feels a slight pang in her bladder as soon as they splash into the water. Though she didn’t feel like she had to go at all when they were at school, being around all this water has made her realize that perhaps she should have tried anyway, because things are not going as well as they could be.

After all, the fact that they are in the ocean means that escaping the sounds of water is going to be absolutely impossible, and that’s only going to make the need worse, and rapidly so. Still, she has to play it cool and try to teach, not wanting to tip her students off to her problem. She has a lot of things to explain to them, and decides to distract herself with that, and that her need can’t really be that bad, since it came on so suddenly. If she can just forget about it, then it won’t bother her anymore, right?

That’s simply not the case, however, and she can hardly stand still as she talks, her voice showing signs of strain even as she struggles to maintain her dignity. A student asks her if she’s okay and she lies and says that she’s just fine, but she isn’t able to tone down the signs she has. She can’t stop fidgeting, nor can she control her voice and make it sound more even. It won’t be long until she’s figured out completely, with how things are going now.

She crosses her legs while she talks, bouncing a little without even meaning to. The noises of the water don’t make it any easier, and it gets to a point where she can hardly hold it back, and she can’t keep it to herself, even if she tried. “Miss Frizzle,” says one of the kids, “do you need to go to the bathroom?”

“Maybe,” she replies with a blush.

“Well, why didn’t you go before we left?”

“Because I didn’t feel like I had to,” she admits, ashamed to say something so childish as that. “But now I do.”

“Hey, I’ve got something!” offers Carlos. He pulls a bottle out of his bag to show to her, saying, “You can use this!” The girls in the class are grossed out, groaning and scolding him and telling him just how disgusting that is.

Miss Frizzle laughs and says, “Thank you, Carlos, but I’m a lady, we can’t exactly ‘use’ those as easily.” The children giggle at that and she goes on to say, “You don’t need to worry about me. Our field trip is already nearly at an end, so I should be just fine until we make it back to the school.”

That is what she says, but inside, she is not so sure of her own words, her need worse than before now. Even with the trip almost over, she’s nearly at her breaking point, and she is pretty sure that she isn’t going to be able to make it until they get back to the school. She’s absolutely bursting now, and the thought of wetting herself in front of her students is just too much to bear.

Of course, what she’s going to do instead just might end up worse.

“Class, I can’t take it anymore,” she confesses. “I’m so sorry for what’s about to happen. Carlos, please, can I have that bottle? I...I changed my mind!”

He quickly hands it to her, none of them knowing how to respond. They’ve all seen how badly things got for her and have all been worried, and now they know it must be bad for her to do something like this. She uncaps the bottle, putting it under her dress and pulling down her panties, squatting over it. Though they can’t see much and most look away, the kids are still fairly grossed out by this display.

Everyone can hear her as she lets out a sigh of relief, letting loose in the bottle, filling it rather quickly as she empties her bladder. Her humiliation is outweighed by how good is feels to finally be empty, and once she is done, she puts the cap back on the bottle, straightening back up to face her class.

“Let’s agree to just forget about this,” she suggests. “At least we all learned a very important lesson about always going to the bathroom before you go on a trip!”

