No need to... (A Pokemon Masters Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-13 15:09

A/N: This was a commission!

Skyla wishes that she had thought this through a little bit better. She wishes that she had thought to take a break when she had the chance, and she wishes that she were not too shy to bring it up right now. Spending the day with Elesa and Scottie sounded like such a great idea, since the three of them always have so much fun together, and of course she wanted to wear her fancy new dress out, since they would be training a bit as well, and she wanted to show off her bond with Tornadus.

But now, they are out so far, and there is no bathroom in sight, and she really has to pee, and is unsure what she can do about that. Being out in the wild usually is not that much of a problem for a trainer, because one has to be accustomed to relieving themselves outside in order to manage a journey. However, Skyla has never really had to worry about something like that when she is around people, let alone two people that she admires quite a bit, and does not want to talk about something so embarrassing with.

If either one of them were to bring up a bathroom break, it would be another matter entirely, but neither of them seem to be bothered at all, and that means that she is on her own, until she is able to admit her problem. Not only that, but she doesn’t think her dress would be too good for squatting in a bush, when she really thinks about it. Still, she might be willing to try if she knew that one of the other two were taking a break, because then they could all give each other some privacy, and then she could try and figure it out, to see if she can actually handle doing this.

With how full her bladder is right now, she would be willing to do just about anything, to try just about anything, to empty it. Except call attention to how full she is, because that just feels like too much, way too embarrassing for her to try. Even knowing that neither of them would make fun of her for it, she still can’t bring herself to actually do it. She can keep holding it a little bit longer, just a little while longer now, until one of them brings up a need of their own, or until they are somewhere near a bathroom.

It’s just that they came out here pretty far, and even now that they have started heading back, it still seems like it is going to be a long time before Skyla can get any relief…

Each step is full of complete discomfort for her, and she tries not to let that show on her face, not wanting either of them to be able to guess that there is something wrong with her, no matter how miserable she may actually be in the moment. It helps that they are both a bit distracted right now, making it easier for her to hide the fact that she is getting so desperate she can hardly handle it, even though, in her mind, Skyla is starting to panic right now.

She is panicking because she keeps leaking. Every time, she manages to stop it from turning into something more, but that does not change the fact that she keeps leaking, little spurts of urine soaking into her panties, making them damper by the moment, and she knows that she can’t last much longer. Eventually, she is not going to be able to stop it from becoming worse, and then, she does not know what she is going to do, and the more nervous she gets about it, the harder it is to keep holding on.

It is her nerves that are her undoing, and when she feels a stronger leak slip by, she panics so much that she forgets herself, and shoves a hand between her legs, just to try and stop this from getting any worse, pushing her dress into her crotch as she tries her best to hold it. Which, of course, is enough to catch the attention of the other two, who both stop, to ask her if she is okay, but neither are able to even finish their question before they realize just how not okay Skyla is.

Despite all of her efforts, she can’t stop it from happening, and so, Skyla wets herself in front of both Elesa and Scottie. Her face is a bright shade of red as it all comes rushing out of her, her panties drenched and a large wet spot forming on the front of her dress, all because she reflexively held it close to her, and now there will be no chance of her hiding what has happened, not that it even matters , because the two people that she cares most about have already seen her like this, and she can’t imagine anything more humiliating than that.

It only makes sense that she starts to cry, tears welling up in her eyes, as her bladder continues to empty, so full that it feels like it will never stop. That is when both Scottie and Elesa finally snap out of their shock at what is happening to her. As for Scottie, he is a bit confused about how this is making him feel; the pity that he feels for Skyla makes enough sense, but the fact that he feels a bit turned on at the same time does not make a bit of sense to him.

Elesa is able to bury similar feelings, having a better handle on herself, so that she can try and think of some sort of way to cheer Skyla up, not wanting her dear friend to take this so hard. When it comes to her, she says, “Hey, Skyla, we’ll help you get cleaned up, okay? There’s no need to… Sobble about it.”

Despite herself, Skyla laughs.

