Trapped in Space (A Lloyd in Space Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-03-09 15:32

A/N: Another commission

The girls are both doomed, something they know far too early on, though neither of them want to admit it. Neither of them even want to think it, because neither of them want it to be true. After all, if it’s never admitted then maybe it won’t actually come to pass, and the both of them will be just fine. That’s what they tell themselves at least, and for a while, it works.

At the beginning of it all, there’s no sign of anything going wrong that day, but that’s before their class is jettisoned into space, turning their whole day upside down. At first, both Brittany and Megan are just put out by the inconvenience of it all, because they’re trapped with their classmates- a veritable crew of the worst sorts of dorks and nerds imaginable- and forced to wait for request, something that is unappealing to both of them.

But even then they don’t realize just how much worse it can get for the both of them, and neither can predict just how inconvenient this will become as time goes on. Neither of them knows of the discomfort or the struggle that awaits them during their time trapped with their classmates.

After the long time spent searching for food and working out trades, they’re finally able to get the water that they wanted, they don’t think much about the fact that they’re drinking it in excess, or the fact that it’s going to have to come back out later. They don’t think to slow down, given how desperate they were to get something to drink, and that is how they end up in such a bad situation eventually.

It starts with one cup of water, and then a second, and then the two girls are drinking all they can during their trades. And even once they have nothing more to trade, they both wish that they could have more, still not thinking much about the consequences. They’re just so thirsty and so panicked about their fate that focusing on drinking water is a much better thing to focus on. The two of them just can’t think about anything in the future, other than their dread regarding the fact that they’re lost in space with their classmates, and they sit off by themselves, miserable and afraid.

And then things begin to get worse for them as the water starts making its way toward their bladders. Megan feels a twinge first, but she tries to ignore, hoping that if she does that then it will go away until a much more convenient time. After all, there are no bathrooms in the classroom, meaning that there would be nowhere for her to pee, therefore she refuses to acknowledge the fact that she needs to pee in the first place.

However, her bladder twinges again soon after and she winces, hoping that no one notices. Fortunately for her, Brittany doesn’t comment on it, so she again tries to ignore that it happened at all. What she doesn’t realize is that Brittany is distracted by her own growing need as well.

The other girl feels a slight pressure building in her lower abdomen, and realizes with dread what it means. Like her friend, she wants to ignore it since she has no convenient way of relieving herself until their class is rescued, but even as she’s trying to ignore it, more of the water begins making its way to her bladder, and she won’t be able to ignore that for long, nor will she be able to hold it indefinitely. She’s going to be made desperate soon enough, but she says nothing and does what she can to not acknowledge that fact.

While she’s thinking- or rather, trying not to think- about that, Megan can feel her situation growing steadily worse. She can feel the twinges coming more and more frequently as her bladder continues to fill, and she wishes she hadn’t taken so much to drink. She wishes she had remembered the fact that their classroom being on its own means that there’s nowhere for her to pee, and she wishes that she could just be back already.

However, they still have to wait for help, unsure of when it will arrive. It’s been so long already that both want to hope that it will be soon, but it’s hard to tell, especially when there’s been no sign of any help, not that they know what to look for in terms of a sign of help. There’s absolutely no telling how long their wait will be, but still both girls try to be hopeful, and try to ignore their growing need to pee.

Brittany groans softly and slumps where she sits, leaning her head back against the wall. She hopes that her signs of discomfort will just come across as signs of boredom, and that no one, not even her best friend, will suspect the real source of the problem. She would be absolutely mortified if anyone even knew that she was this desperate, and that’s without factoring in how mortified she would be if she was pushed to a point where she actually wet herself. Even thinking about it makes her incredibly nervous and flustered.

Megan is just as stressed out about that possibility, but whenever she thinks about it, she feels like it makes her desperation feel worse. She needs to get back to ignoring it, but she isn’t sure if she’s going to be able to. It’s getting really noticeable, which means that pretending that it isn’t there is hard, when she feels a pang every few seconds. Her bladder demands her attention as it continues to fill, and she shifts where she sits, trying to redirect some of the pressure so it isn’t so bad.

Brittany shifts next to her as well, in another direction with a troubled look on her face. She bites her lip and wonders if this is going to take too much longer, if she’s going to keep suffering like this until she can’t take it anymore. Her bladder cramps and aches and when she moves, she can feel all the liquid inside of her shifting with her, sloshing inside of her and reminding her of how desperate she’s becoming.

When she moans softly, she quickly glances to the side, but again, Megan shows no sign of hearing her, looking incredibly distracted. Of course, little does she know, that’s because Megan is more concerned with not showing off her own desperation, and therefore wouldn’t be able to notice anyone else’s signs. The others in the classroom are still too distracted with their own things as well, so neither of the girls has to worry about being humiliated by their desperation just yet.

But they both still worry about what it could do to their images just to have it known that they have to pee in this situation. Naturally, they know that they would be ruined if anyone saw them wet themselves, but they’re still trying not to think about that as a possibility. Just being desperate is humiliating enough for the time being, and they don’t want anyone to know about it, to look at them and know that they’re fighting battles against their own bladders while they wait to get back to school.

Megan sighs, stretching out a little further to try to take more pressure off, but it doesn’t really do anything to help her. In fact, there’s really not much she can do to help herself now, and her bladder begins to throb with need. She clenches one fist, on the side that is not close to Brittany, still trying to conceal things from her friend, and takes a deep breath to steady herself. How much longer is she going to have to endure this?

How much longer will either of them have to endure this? Brittany grits her teeth and stares up at the ceiling, trying to think about anything other than the ache in her lower abdomen, but there really isn’t much else to think about, especially with Megan being so quiet. She has no one to talk to to take her mind off things, but even if she could take her mind off things, that might not be good for her. After all, if she’s not focused on holding it, her control might slip and that would be disastrous.

“Sure is boring in here,” she says, deciding to try talking anyway, just to see. Megan looks over at her and sighs.

“Sure is,” she agrees, and then the conversation falls dead. Obviously, there isn’t much for either of them to talk about, but that means that Brittany has nothing she can do to distract herself. She grits her teeth again and tries to think about something else, but soon enough, her bladder is aching so much that there’s nothing else that can occupy her mind.

She doesn’t know how much longer this is going to take, but she also doesn’t know how much longer she can hold it. She’d like to hope that she could last indefinitely, just due to her pride, but she knows better than to believe something like that. She’ll be lucky if she lasts a lot longer, but she doesn’t know what she’s going to do if she’s forced to wet herself in front of her classmates. She wants to avoid that at all costs, but there’s nowhere private for her to relieve herself and manage to conceal it perfectly without anyone asking questions.

While she’s pondering this, Megan is more or less thinking about the same things. She considers going in the closet, but no one would ignore the fact that she was hanging out in the closet with some sort of container that she would then have to try to dispose of. It would be too obvious, and it would be far too humiliating to have someone know what she were doing. She feels like she’s going to burst at any second, and she doesn’t think she’s going to be able to hold it until help comes, or at least not until they’re able to get the classroom back to school.

Brittany crosses her legs, hoping that she looks completely natural doing something like this, rather than looking like she’s struggling to hold it. She squirms a bit where she sits, tightening where her legs are crossed, and she knows that she’s already getting more obvious but she just can’t help it. Her heart is pounding almost as hard as her bladder, and she’s so nervous about all of this, nervous that she’s going to lose control before they’re brought back to school, nervous that she’s going to lose her control right in front of all of her classmates and her best friend.

The anxiety continues to grow, which really doesn’t help with her bladder, seeing as getting nervous only makes the situation worse, but she’s past the point where she can actually control her own thoughts, much less her own body. All she can do is fight to keep from wetting herself in front of everyone, and fight to keep everyone from figuring out that that’s her current struggle.

Megan squirms and rubs her thighs together, squeezing them tightly closed and taking a few steadying breaths. If she doesn’t get to go soon, she knows it’s going to end terribly, but she’s afraid to even accept that, lest it make it real. But no amount of denial can change what she knows is going to happen, and no amount of pretending that it isn’t going to happen can help her now. Absolutely nothing can help her now, and even though she knows that, she still prays for some sort of rescue before it’s too late.

But time continues to pass and her bladder continues to pulse and fill, and still no rescue comes for her or her equally desperate friend, not that she knows about Brittany’s desperation anymore than Brittany knows about hers. Things grow worse and worse for them, and their left only to suffer as time goes on. The two friends are in identical situations without even realizing, and neither of them feel like they have any hope at this point, yet they still keep pressing on, holding it with all they have even as their bladders threaten to burst at any moment.

Megan presses a hand into her lap when she thinks that no one is looking, squirming around it and trying to relieve the pressure, at least for a little bit. It doesn’t do a lot to help her, but anything is better than nothing, in her opinion. At this point, anything that brings her a little closer to not wetting herself, to delaying it a bit longer, is better than nothing, though she would prefer not doing something so obvious, since anyone looking at her for long enough would be able to tell. But Brittany seems to distracted and the other kids are off doing their own thing.

Brittany clenches the corner of her skirt in her fist, bunching it up to distract herself and debating doing the exact same thing Megan is doing, unbeknownst to her. She knows that that would make her look pathetic, if anyone were to see, but she doesn’t know what else to do to try and relieve the pressure before it gets so bad that she can’t stand it. Of course, it is already very near that point anyway, and she doesn't think she’s going to make it at all now, and is only holding on out of stubbornness and her pathetic hope that she might be wrong.

If she wets herself in front of everyone, she’ll have no way to hide it and she will never live it down once it gets around school. Gone will be all her status, and in her mind, she can imagine herself living in unpopularity for the rest of her days while Megan steals her throne. Of course, Megan is currently imagining her own exile from popularity at the same time, horrified as she imagines the way she thinks Brittany will mock her and completely cut her out of everything. The two are so busy worrying about what the other will think that they don’t notice that they share the same problem.

It’s a completely hopeless situation for both of them at this point. Even if rescue arrived right that minute, they know that it would take too long to get the classroom repaired and back to school, and that they would wet themselves before it happened anyway. They both realize that, and as dread creeps over them, neither know what to do. It’s all over for their reputations, they think, and they won’t be able to live this down. They’re going to have their lives completely ruined, all because they didn’t think things through and ended up desperate at a time with no bathrooms available.

Each of their thoughts gets worse and worse as time goes on. Both imagine the worst scenarios as help continues to not arrive, and both begin showing more outward signs of desperation. Megan rocks back and forth with her hand pressed into her lap while Brittany crosses her legs tight and eventually presses her own hand into her lap, but neither look to their side to see that their friend is just as obviously desperate. They both remained trapped in their own dreadful thoughts, and their own horrible imaginations, and time ticks on, bringing them closer to their eventual humiliation as a result of their own poor planning.

But things go in a direction that neither of them could have planned for, and it is just as things are becoming so desperate and hopeless for them that something even worse happens; the asteroid strikes their classroom, jostling it so hard that they both temporarily lose control. While the others in the class both stagger where they stand, the two desperate girls jump to their feet, trying to assess the damage and see if they left any evidence on the floor.

However, with the classroom still shaking, and with all their sudden movements, it’s hard for them to regain their already fragile control. In fact, it is so hard that it becomes impossible, and both of them let out shrieks of horror, in almost perfect unison, as they begin to wet themselves completely.

Brittany’s knees buckle and her breathing is heavy as the liquid gushes out of her, soaking the front of her skirt and running down her legs, puddling on the floor beneath her with a loud, splashing sound. She can only look down and watch in horror, and nothing she does can stop it from coming out of her, not anymore. It's far too late to avoid being obvious, anyway.

Meanwhile, Megan tries desperately grabbing at herself, but her hand quickly grows soaked as she realizes that it's hopeless. She whimpers as her bladder cramps around itself, emptying onto the floor beneath her, soaking her clothes and her legs in the process. A large puddle begins to spread, and she knows that everyone must be watching her humiliate herself, but she can't bring herself to actually look up and face her classmates, much less her friend.

But it is while she's watching her puddle that she notices something, something that Brittany notices as well. Their puddles are spreading out so much that they run into each other and mingle, growing to one larger puddle.

That is when it dawns on them that the other is in the same situation, that they're both wetting themselves at the same time. However bad it may be for them, both are a little comforted knowing that their friend is in just as bad of a situation and won't be able to join in the ridiculing, and when their bladders are empty, Brittany and Megan make awkward eye contact, though neither says anything.

But neither does anyone in their class. In fact, everyone makes a point of looking away and pretending not to notice. Despite all their time spent dreading the humiliation, their classmates seem to be doing all they can to be respectful. Perhaps being put in this life or death situation has made an accident like this seem not as bad. Both girls can’t help but feel grateful that, at least for now, they aren’t being made to face any ridicule.

