Locked in together (A Zeta Gundam Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-31 14:41

The clang of the heavy steel door echoes with a finality that makes Kamille's teeth ache. Darkness engulfs them, absolute and suffocating. Then Quattro shifts, and Kamille is acutely aware of how little space there truly is. The closet is a metal box, narrow and deep, meant for storing spare parts, not people. They are pressed together, chest to chest, the heat of Quattro's body seeping through their uniforms. Kamille's head is tucked just under Quattro's chin, and one of his legs is wedged firmly between Quattro's thighs. Quattro's own leg is between Kamille's.

"Trapped," Quattro's voice is a low rumble that Kamille feels more than hears, a vibration against his sternum. The captain sounds calm, of course. Always calm.

"Yeah," Kamille manages, trying to keep his own voice steady. He wants to seem capable, unfazed. Manly. This is Lieutenant Quattro. He can't be seen as some whiny kid in a tight spot. He holds himself rigidly, which is a mistake.

Immediately, his attention is brought back to something that he had been trying to ignore when Quattro had asked him for assistance. Now, crammed into this tiny metal prison, there's no ignoring it. A dull pressure has been building in his lower abdomen for the last hour, a direct result of chugging a full water bottle after simulator drills. He'd planned on a quick trip to the bathroom, but the alarm had sounded, a minor security breach near the hangar bay. Quattro had grabbed him, gesturing for him to help check this corridor, and then the automatic lock down procedure had activated, sealing them in this supply closet.

Now, the pressure is no longer dull. It's sharp, insistent. He clenches the muscles in his groin, a familiar, practiced motion. He shifts his weight, trying to ease the pressure point, but the movement only presses him more firmly against Quattro. The solid, unmoving mass of the older man's body is both a comfort and a torment. Kamille's breath hitches. He can smell Quattro. It's not a bad smell, not at all. It's clean, faintly metallic, with the underlying warmth of skin and something else…something uniquely Quattro. Kamille feels a different kind of warmth start to pool in his gut, a confusing mix of burgeoning arousal and intense panic over the state of his bladder.

"You alright, Kamille?" Quattro asks, his voice a low vibration that sends another shiver through Kamille's body.

"Fine," Kamille grits out. "Just...trying to get comfortable." He tries to subtly adjust again, desperate to find a position that doesn't feel like it's crushing his insides. His squirming brings his face into direct contact with Quattro's underarm as the captain lifts his arm to test the door panel above their heads.

The sleeveless red uniform leaves Quattro's armpit exposed. The scent hits Kamille, more potent this time. It's masculine and raw, and it goes straight to Kamille's head, dizzying him. He feels a lurch in his stomach, a sudden, throb of pure want that clashes horribly with the urgent, demanding pressure from below. He turns his head, pressing his hot cheek against the cool metal wall, panting slightly. He needs to pee. He needs to pee so badly it feels like his entire lower body is screaming. And he's getting turned on, pressed up against Quattro in this dark, hot little box. The situation is mortifying.

"Locked tight," Quattro says, lowering his arm. The movement brushes Kamille's hair, and Kamille has to bite back a gasp as the muscles in his abdomen spasm. A small leak escapes him, a warm trickle that quickly becomes a cold, damp patch in the fabric of his underwear. He freezes, every muscle tensing.

"Shit," he whispers under his breath, praying Quattro didn't notice. He crosses his legs as best he can, which is nearly impossible with Quattro's leg already between them. His squirming becomes more pronounced, less subtle. He's fidgeting, bouncing on the balls of his feet, every motion a frantic battle against his own body's betrayal. He tries to distract himself, but the pressure is all encompassing. It's like a hot, heavy stone inside him, pressing down relentlessly.

Minutes stretch into what feels like an eternity. Kamille can hear Quattro breathing, slow and even, while his own breaths are coming in short, ragged pants. As the pressure grows, he presses his thighs together, hard. He wants to grab himself, to hold back the flood with the desperate grip of a child, but he can't. Not in front of Quattro.

Then Quattro shifts, a seemingly small movement that jars Kamille's entire body. The captain lets out a sharp, quiet hiss of breath.

"Lieutenant?" Kamille asks, his own desperation momentarily forgotten in his concern.

Quattro is quiet for a long moment. "Ah...it's nothing, Kamille."

But it's not nothing. Kamille can feel the subtle change in the other man's posture. A certain stillness, a tension that wasn't there before. As Kamille's eyes adjust to the sliver of light from under the door, he sees Quattro's gloved hand slowly, almost hesitantly, move down to press firmly against the front of his uniform.

The sight of Quattro Bajeena clutching himself like a desperate little boy sends a shock wave through Kamille. It's both horrifying and strangely validating to see him in such a vulnerable state. Not to mention how it effects the heat building between his legs, but Kamille is very much trying not to think about that.

"Hey, um..." Kamille starts, then swallows hard. "Do you...do you have to..."

Quattro lets out a long, shuddering sigh, the sound filled with an uncharacteristic vulnerability. "Yes, Kamille," he admits, his voice tight with strain. "I do. Very much. I've been trying to not let it get to me, but..."

The admission hangs in the hot, stale air between them. Now that the truth is out, Kamille feels his own control fraying completely. He's been clenching for what feels like a lifetime. His muscles are screaming with exhaustion.

"Me too," Kamille confesses in a rush, the words torn from him. "God, Quattro, I have to go so bad it hurts. I've been trying not to say anything. I didn't want you to think I was weak."

"So awkward," Kamille agrees, a hysterical little laugh bubbling up in his throat that he quickly swallows. The movement makes another, larger leak escape, this one soaking through the fabric of his pants. He lets out a choked sob, a tear of pure frustration tracing a path through the grime on his cheek. "I can't...I can't hold it much longer."

Quattro's arm wraps around him, a gesture of comfort that only worsens the pressure. "Just try to breathe, Kamille. Slow, deep breaths."

But breathing is impossible. Every breath seems to press down on his bladder. Quattro's own breathing is becoming ragged too. He's holding himself with both hands now, his head bowed, his body trembling with the effort. Kamille feels another shudder go through Quattro's body, and then he hears it.

At first, it's just a faint trickle. Quattro lets out a choked gasp, his whole body going rigid as he tries to stop it, but it's no use. The trickle becomes a stream, the hissing grows louder. Warmth spreads from Quattro's crotch, seeping into the fabric of Kamille's pants where their legs are pressed together. The hot liquid quickly saturates the material, tracing a path down Kamille's inner thigh.

The sound, the sight of Quattro so undone, the feeling of that warmth spreading over him- it's more than he can take. Kamille's body gives up, the muscles going slack without his permission. A wave of intense, shameful relief washes over him as he feels a hot surge flood his own underwear, spreading rapidly across the front of his uniform. He can't stop it. The relief is so absolute it's dizzying, and he sobs with it, hiding his face against Quattro's chest as he soaks himself. His body trembles violently as he empties himself completely, the warmth trickling down his legs, pooling around their boots in the confined space.

For a long moment, the only sound in the closet is their ragged breathing and the diminishing sound of the last trickles. They stand there, in the growing dampness, the smell of urine sharp and acrid in the air. Kamille is mortified, humiliated, and yet, there's still that same heat lingering in him.

"Sorry," Quattro whispers, his voice hoarse. "I'm so sorry, Kamille."

"Don't be," Kamille mumbles into Quattro's chest, not daring to look up. "I...I did too."

Just as Quattro lets out a soft, self deprecating chuckle, a new sound breaks the silence. The heavy metal door screeches, and light floods the dark space. Emma and Reccoa stand there, their eyes wide with shock and confusion as they take in the scene. Kamille and Quattro, pressed together in the tiny closet, soaking wet, their uniforms stained and dripping. The smell hits them almost immediately.

Reccoa's face is a mask of astonishment, her eyes darting between the two of them. Emma, ever practical, simply looks concerned. "What...what happened here?" she asks, her voice gentle.

Quattro straightens up, pulling away from Kamille. He clears his throat, a faint blush coloring his cheeks. "We got locked in," he says. "There was a...a minor emergency."

Emma's gaze softens with understanding. "Oh you poor things," she says, her voice filled with genuine sympathy. "Come on, let's get you out of there. I'll get some fresh uniforms and a mop."

Reccoa, however, can't seem to stop staring at the two of them, a slow, knowing smile spreading across her face. "A minor emergency, huh?" she says, her tone teasing. "Well, you two certainly seem to have...bonded."

As Kamille stumbles out into the corridor, he avoids everyone's eyes, wanting the floor to swallow him whole. He's never been so humiliated in his entire life. And yet, as he catches Quattro's eye, the older man gives him a small, almost imperceptible smile. And for a brief, fleeting moment, the shame is replaced by something else. Something warm and complicated and confusing. Something he knows he'll be thinking about for a very, very long time.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

