His Waitress

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-04-26 19:48

A/N: I'll first start by saying that if there is any explicit sexual content to be had in this story, it's not in this chapter, though there is definitely sexual references and implied stuff in this one. I haven't decided how far I'll go in future chapters. Next, I'll say that this is my main story I'll be focusing on with my patreon, which I've posted about before. In the future, I'll be posting chapters there a week before they go up anywhere else, but you can read more about that in the patreon thread, which I'll link at the end of this post. Finally, I'll say that it's a really minor desperation with no wetting in this chapter. As it's a longer story, it'll take me a couple chapters to get to the meat of it, so for now, it's just a teaser. This is going to be a story about a waitress, her crush on her customer, and where things go from there.

“Hey, Maiko, your boyfriend just walked in! Want me to seat him at one of your tables like always?” asks one of Maiko’s coworkers in a teasing tone. “I mean, he does like his regular table, doesn’t he? You must be his favorite waitress!”

“Shut up, Andrea!” she protests, and she’s sure that she’s blushing by now. Both Andrea and another waitress who overheard giggle, and she scowls, though that doesn’t last for long. She can’t help but grin, at least a little bit, knowing that Mr. Marcum is here, and that she’ll get the chance to wait on his table.

Though she had been hoping to take a break soon, she can wait a little bit longer, if it means getting to see him…

Maiko has worked at this restaurant for nearly a year now, and for the past couple months, they’ve had a regular, a man in his mid-forties, who rides a motorcycle and wears a leather jacket over his business suit. Her coworkers have taken to calling him Mr. Mid-life Crisis behind his back- that is, when they aren’t teasingly calling him Maiko’s boyfriend. She knows that they think he’s lame as all hell, but from the first time she took his order, she hasn’t been able to deny having a massive crush on him.

Maiko has just recently turned twenty-two and, since she first developed a sex drive, she’s pretty much exclusively had a thing for older men. Part of why she wanted to work here in the first place was her attraction to Zachary, her 35-year-old manager, but from her interview till now, she’s made zero progress with him, and has him pegged for the type who isn’t sleazy enough to fuck one of his employees.

And ever since Mr. Marcum became a regular, she hasn’t had eyes for anyone else anyway.

She thinks about taking a quick break before she goes to take his drink order, because she’s pretty sure she has enough time, but as soon as Andrea has him seated with a menu, she returns and says, “I guess you’re going to reel him into, huh?”

“Would you stop?” Maiko protests, though she doesn’t mind the teasing as much as she pretends she does. It is all in good fun, after all. “He’s a customer, it’s not like I can actually ask him out or anything.”

“It’s not like you’d actually have the guts to do it even if you could, more like.”

“Hey!” she protests. “I...well, I actually can’t argue with you there, I guess.”

“You’d better go take his order. Wouldn’t want to keep your lover waiting!” says Andrea, and Maiko realizes that she’s wasted any potential time for a break on bickering with her coworker. She should definitely get to his table now.

It’s just that she’s had to pee for a little while now, and it would have been nice to have taken care of that before she had to deal with another customer. But she wouldn’t ask for a full break now, not if it meant someone else would get her table, and not only would she keep him waiting if she stopped by the bathroom first, but she might also get in trouble for that. She pushes the slight throb of her bladder out of her mind, and makes her way to where Mr. Marcum waits for her.

“Well, if it isn’t my favorite waitress,” he says, something that he’s taken to saying every time she waits on him. She knows that it’s just a generic greeting, that he’s just teasing her, but her heart skips a beat nonetheless.

“What can I start you off with today?” she asks, squeezing her thighs together as she comes to a stop in front of his table. She can’t seriously have to go that bad, she thinks; it must just be her worrying too much, and she decides to try not to think about it.

“Come on, don’t you know my order by now?” he replies with a grin, and she blushes. “Just water to start, like always.”

“Of course! I’ll get that right out for you!” As she walks back to get his drink, she winces a few times, the steps she takes jostling her bladder her so much that it hurts. She takes a fresh pitcher of water and a glass back to his table, and as she pours the water for him, she squeezes her thighs together again, biting her lip hard.

“You feeling alright, Maiko?” he asks, snapping her out of her thoughts.

“H-huh? Of course I am!” she says, hoping that her voice does not betray her.

“You’re just a little quiet today,” he replies, “so I got a little worried. Well, maybe you’re just tired of dealing with me. Am I right?”

She laughs, even though it hurts, and nudges his shoulder, something that she usually wouldn’t do with a customer. Maybe it’s just because they’ve gotten so familiar with each other, or maybe it has something to do with her conversation with Andrea; she isn’t sure. “You wish you could get rid of me that easily!”

“Do I? And here I thought I was wishing these meals could go on forever.”

As always, her heart leaps at his words, and it’s hard to calm herself down before she shows it on her face. He’s just some old flirt, she tells herself, and nothing that he says to her really means anything. She’s only reading so much into it because she has a crush on him, nothing more.

Another sharp pang from her bladder reminds her that, as much as she also wishes this meal could go on forever, she would rather move things along a little more quickly, so she pulls out her notepad and asks, “So, which of your usuals are you going with tonight?”

“A burger tonight,” he says, and she writes it down, making note of his sides and how he wants it cooked without even needing to ask. She heads to the kitchen, thinking that she might actually have the chance to go to the bathroom before she has to bring him his food, but things do not play out in her favor

.

“We’re starting to get busy, so try not to spend too much time flirting with Mr. Mid-Life Crisis,” Zachary says as she passes him. “You’ve got to pay attention to your other tables too.”

Other tables?!

Maiko has to resist groaning as she realizes that it will be a little while yet before she can take a break, now that Mr. Marcum isn’t her only concern. She doesn’t even bother protesting Zachary’s accusations, because she is more worried about how her bladder is going to hold up throughout all of this. It’s far from her first long wait, far from the first time she’s had to make herself hold it since she started this job, but that doesn’t stop her from being nervous, which she’s sure does not make it any easier to hold.

Still, she does what she can, moving from table to table, taking orders and getting drinks and not letting her need get the better of her. Sometimes she thinks she can feel Mr. Marcum’s eyes on her, but she’s sure that she’s just being overly self-conscious. After taking a few orders and bringing out some drinks, his food is ready for her to bring to the table, and she lingers for just a moment when he speaks to her.

“You must be too busy to talk to me,” he says.

With a fist clenched tight at her side, and her thighs pressed together, she rocks back and forth a few times before reminding herself to stand still. “Just a little bit. You know I’d make time for you otherwise.”

“Oh, would you? I don’t know about that, why would you want to listen to some old man vent about work and talk about his bike all day?”

I would, because you’re so fucking hot! she thinks, but all she says is, “I think the bike’s really cool, though!”

“Yeah?” He gives her a wink as he says, “Well, maybe I should take you for a ride sometime.”

There’s no way that he’s actually being serious right now, is there? She can’t believe that he’s really, genuinely offering something like that to her, and so it must be some of their empty flirting, right? But then...what if he is being serious? What if she was wrong about him, and what if this is her chance?

“My shift is over at ten,” she replies, deciding not to let the chance pass her by, if the chance is really there. “But now I really need to get back to work, before someone notices I’m just hanging around your table.”

“Right, right, get back out there,” he says with a wave of his hand, not giving her an answer one way or another, about giving her a ride.

For a minute there, she almost forgot about needing to pee entirely, but as she turns to walk off, a sharp pang serves as a harsh reminder. She’s really pushing it here, and hurries back to the kitchen to check on her orders. When she sees that nothing for any of her tables is ready just yet, she decides to take the chance while she has it, and darts to the bathroom.

Fortunately for her, Zachary does not spot her or try to stop her, and as she closes the stall door behind her, she feels a spurt escape, and she knows that she really cut it close. She’s shaking as she hikes up her skirt and pulls her panties down, and as soon as she’s seated, she lets go with a sigh, glad that there is no one else in the room to hear it. Though the gush of her urine is so loud that she isn’t sure if her sigh would have been audible either way.

It feels great to be able to let it out after waiting for so long, and she’s sore from holding it, and so, so glad to be rid of that pressure now. She doesn’t regret waiting so long though, because if she hadn’t, she might not have been able to have that conversation with Mr. Marcum, and then he wouldn’t have said something to imply that he might want to take her out!

As she finishes up, she remembers the teasing look on his face as he flirted with her, the easy way he’d said it, and she bites her lip, squeezing her thighs together for an entirely different reason. She feels good just from emptying her bladder- really, after waiting like that, it was almost like finally having a really good orgasm- and thinking about him, about his smirk, about what they could possibly do, if they really did go out, leaves her somewhat turned on.

It’s time to get back out there, before anyone complains about her absence, so she washes her hands and hurries out, but for the rest of the night, all she can think about is what will happen if Mr. Marcum is really waiting for her when she gets off work. She gets even busier from that point on, so they don’t have a chance to talk when she brings him his check, and before she knows it, he’s already gone, giving her no opportunity to figure out if he was being serious.

For the rest of her shift, she can’t stop thinking about him, and now, rather than her desperation, has to try and conceal her arousal. Usually, the night goes by fast when she’s busy, but things seem to drag on painfully slowly, and by the time ten rolls around, she is ready to race out the door.

The first thing she does after clocking out, however, is return to the bathroom, to check her reflection and make sure that she looks as presentable as she can after a long shift. Her heart is pounding as she exits the restaurant, her legs a little shaky, but when she glances around the parking lot, she sees no motorcycles, and no signs of Mr. Marcum. She looks around for only a few minutes before giving up and walking home, realizing that he really must have just been teasing her.

Well, she should have expected as much, and should have known better than to get her hopes up, but because she did get her hopes up, now she has to take matters into her own hands. She’s still unbearably turned on, and before she can hope to sleep, she has to take care of that.

A/N: Alright, so, the next chapter probably won't have any actual desperation in it, as a warning, I think things start to pick up mildly in chapters 3 and 4, so if you're not into more drawn out stories, probably better to skip around or drop it entirely. Finally, here's the thread where I talk about my patreon.

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/49550-zapps-fiction-patreoncommissions/

*003*2019-05-10 19:27

The second chapter has been uploaded to my patreon! So, you'll all get to see it here next Friday. This update, as mentioned before, does not include desperation or wetting, as it is just serving as a bridge to the next phase of the story. Her initial desperation is referenced a bit, but we won't get into more until the third chapter.

*004*2019-05-17 17:11

A/N: Here it is, the second chapter! Again, no actual desperation or wetting this go around, but soon.

About a week passes after Maiko’s desperate incident, and after she had gotten her hopes up about Mr. Marcum. She hasn’t seen him or heard from him since then, so she knows for sure now that she was just being stupidly hopeful. He isn’t interested in her, not really, and all of their flirting is just to pass the time, probably because he gets a kick out of teasing her, or something like that. She’s sure he would treat anyone else just the same.

Still, that doesn’t mean that her crush on him fades so easily, and she still can’t get his easy grin as he said he should take her for a ride out of her mind. That night definitely wasn’t the first time she fantasized about him while masturbating, but it stands out, and she feels unsatisfied even now, a week later. She supposes it is mostly just because of how close she felt like she got with him, but there is a voice in the back of her mind that keeps dwelling on how much it hurt, struggling to not piss herself in front of him, and how good it felt to finally let go, in the end.

It isn’t related, or, at least, she knows it shouldn’t be, but there is a part of her that can’t stop thinking about it, and there are times, while she’s pleasuring herself, that she catches herself thinking about it a little too much. She’s sure that it must be something someone out there is into, so it can’t be that weird, but her being into it is news to her, and definitely the weirdest thing she’s fantasized about.

So she tries to keep those fantasies as infrequent as possible, pushing the thoughts away whenever they pop up. She has enough to worry about with her impossible crush that just won’t go away, and even now, even knowing how impossible it really is, she still wishes that Mr. Marcum would stop by again. He isn’t going to ever actually ask her out, just tease her about it, but that’s fine; just getting to flirt with him is good enough for her, at least until she can find someone to distract her so that she can move on.

~X~

Working busy nights is never fun, even when she isn’t achingly desperate, and at least on that night, she had Mr. Marcum to make things more interesting. Time drags on, and she feels like the dinner rush will never end, and that the end of her shift will never come. It’s been a while since she’s been this busy, and a while since she really felt like she hated her job, but tonight, she comes close, often reminding herself that there is nothing stopping her from quitting on the spot.

But she manages to keep her head through the rush, and even has some time to breathe on the clock before her shift is finally over. By now, she’s in a terrible mood, and can’t wait to get home, maybe spend some time fantasizing about the previous week to unwind. Tonight, she wants to enjoy herself so badly that she decides she won’t even stop herself from exploring her potential interest in desperation, just as long as she gets a killer orgasm out of it.

She is so distracted thinking about it that she doesn’t notice him at first, standing in the parking lot. It isn’t until he speaks to her that she does; when he calls her name, she turns to see Mr. Marcum, standing in front of his bike with a second helmet in his hands.

“It’s a little late for you to be walking home by yourself,” he says. “I’ve been thinking about it since last week, and it just didn’t sit well with me. Want a ride home?”

“Mr. Marcum?” This isn’t a hallucination, is it? She hasn’t wished for this so much that she’s seeing things, right?

“You don’t have to be so formal, Maiko,” he replies, giving her that smirk she loves so much. “You’re off the clock, for one thing. You can just call me Isaac, alright?”

“I...I’d love a ride home, Isaac,” she says, stepping forward to accept the helmet that he offers to her. This is way too busy to be a hallucination, which means that it must be real, that Isaac is actually making good on his offer to let her ride with him. She wishes that she had been prepared for this, even though there was no way to know ahead of time that it would happen. At the very least, she could have done something to make sure she looked better, maybe straightening up a bit before she came outside.

But there’s no time for that now, and she puts the helmet on, hoping that she doesn’t look nervous. Isaac gets on his bike, telling Maiko to sit behind him and hold on tight, and she does as told. It’s hard to keep from shaking as she sits closer to him than she’s ever been, as she wraps her arms around his waist. She still keeps a little bit of distance between them, but Isaac chuckles and says, “You don’t need to be so shy.”

Maiko blushes, glad that he can’t see it, and tightens her hold, resting her face against his back. Oh, god, is this really happening? “I don’t live far from here,” she mumbles, though there is a part of her that wishes she lived much farther away, just so that this would last a long time.

“Just let me know the street, and when we get there I’ll go slow so you can let me know which building is yours,” he replies, and it isn’t long before he’s started up, exiting the parking lot and heading towards her apartment complex. For so long, she’s wanted to be this close to Isaac, and now that she is, she isn’t sure where to go from here, only that she doesn’t want to miss this chance.

Tonight, she’s going to get what she wants with him. They aren’t in the restaurant and she isn’t on the clock; he isn’t her customer anymore, which means there’s nothing to stop her. When they arrive, he parks and offers to walk her to her door, but she isn’t going to let things end there.

“Do you want to come in for a little bit?” she asks, sure that he can see what it is she’s really asking him.

“You know it’s a bad idea to let in men that you hardly know,” he replies.

It’s a weak protest, and she isn’t letting him off the hook that easily. “I already let you take me home, didn’t I? I don’t really see much of a difference.”

“Hmm, I guess that’s a fair point. Well, you know how bad it would like, right? For me to go inside with a girl as young as you?”

A few moments later, inside her apartment, Isaac has her shoved against the door, his hands tangled in her hair as he kisses her. Things have only just begun, but Maiko is already certain that this was well worth the wait, and everything it took to get her here.

