The Hypnosis Coin

Author: zimw00t

*000*2019-05-17 12:23

Just a short story I whipped up because I really like realistic hypnosis but also wish it worked a little bit more like magic. also I'm a huge fan of stories where control is slowly taken away from the subject. no actual omo content right now, but I may continue this story if people like it and want to see what happens next.

###

“Are you comfortable? Good. I need you to lie back and start to relax. You wanted to be hypnotized, right? Well there’s a few things you should know about hypnosis before we begin. First, it’s not magic. I don’t count back from 10 and make you fall asleep, then tell you to act like a chicken while you blindly obey. You won’t really be asleep at all, just relaxing. Like you are now.”

Hayden wasn’t a skilled hypnotist by any means. But he had some experience with trancing and had listened to enough hypnosis files that he could attempt to imitate the style. It shouldn’t have been very successful. Joleen had never been hypnotized before. Under ordinary circumstances he would have had a hard time getting her into any kind of trance like state, but he had his special helper with him.

Some hypnotists liked to use focus tools, like spirals or metronoes, or pendulums or anything that had a slow, repetitive movement to it. Hayden held in his hand a special coin. About the size of a quarter, it was said to have an enchantment on it, and he knew from experience that it was real. With this coin, he was able to easily put anyone he wanted into a deep hypnotic trance. It wasn’t all-powerful, as he’d learned of some of the coins limitations in his test trials, but it was good enough that he could slowly manipulate people into doing nearly anything he wanted.

In order to do so, he did need to at least go through the motions, so to speak. He needed to say some words, it didn’t really matter what, as long as they were words that were meant to guide people down into trance. And with no regard for that person’s individual will or their rapport with Hayden, two things vital in actual trance, he could bring them down.

He continued, “That’s right. Continue to relax. I want to relax all of the muscles in your body.” This was a sort of induction he’d heard used many times. He began at the head and started naming body parts one by one, tell Joleen to relax all the way down to her toes, then working back up he let her imagine being washed over by a gentle wave, like a tub of warm water filling up around her body until it nearly covered her head.

Just before it reached her head he instructed, “Now I want you to relax one more thing for me, before you’re completely engulfed. I want you to relax… your mind. That’s right, let all your thoughts be washed away. The water filling up over your head, but you don’t need to worry about drowning. Just breathe deeply enough and you’ll be perfectly fine. Let you’re breathing come nice and slow as your thoughts drain away and all that’s left is your subconscious mind, floating in a sea of nothingness.

“Now that we’re here, here in this deep state. I want you to imagine going even deeper with me now. So deep, to a place where your mind no longer questions, no longer thinks for itself. A place where there is only the sound of my voice. That’s right, listen to my voice and forget all that has been troubling you. All your daily struggles aren’t important here. Just my voice. Without question you will listen, and you’re just so relaxed. You’re so relaxed that when you hear a suggestion, rather than get worked up over trying to figure out what it means, or trying to decide whether or not it’s something you want to do, you just listen, and you do it.

“That’s right, you listen, and you obey. Obey my words because it feels right. Because it’s so easy, so simple to obey. Forget coming here to my home today. Forget all the things you were complaining to me about. Forget even that I suggested putting you into hypnotic trance, to help you forget. You don’t remember where you are. You don’t even remember who you are. Put those memories aside and just listen to my words. You are Joleen. You are a girl who has trouble remembering things. Even simple things like… when you need to go to the bathroom.

“That’s right, it can be hard to remember things. Remembering memories can be tricky, but remembering feelings can be even trickier. Uncomfortable feelings, like when your bladder is full. A tightness, just a little painful, when you start the feel the need to pee. The next time you start to feel it you won’t immediately recognize what it is. Your brain will start to think of other things and you’ll just let that pressure build unnoticed. You’ll let it build right up until the point when it’s almost too late, sometimes. And you’ll find yourself rushing to the bathroom suddenly, only just barely making it because that feeling crept up on you. So suddenly, like a thief in the night, you won’t catch it until it’s upon you.

“This will continue, and as you’ll find yourself less and less able to hold onto your bladder when it’s full. That’s right, when your bladder starts to fill up, even a little bit, you’re going to want to release it immediately. As part of not remembering, that fullness, that feeling of your bladder being full or filling up, it will be strange and foreign to you. You’re going to want to be rid of that feeling as soon as possible. And so it will be that before you even realize it, you’ll be letting go and your bladder will start to empty. It will be embarrassing, but far better than just letting that strange pressure build, that’s for certain.

“Because of this, you’ll be dashing to the bathroom often. You sometimes won’t make it in time, and that’s going to make you very embarrassed. You won’t feel like a big girl when you have an accident, and you’ll need to be comforted by someone you look up to. Someone like me. That’s right, you’ll confide all your bathroom related worries in me. You’ll ask me to help, and I’ll gladly help you along your journey. Just keep relaxing now, you may even start to feel the pressure on your bladder building at this very moment, that’s good.

Remember to forget what you would normally do with that feeling, and just let it build until it becomes uncomfortable. And then because it’s uncomfortable remember to make that feeling go away as soon as possible by just relaxing, and letting it all out as soon as you can. I’m going to let you wake up now, and you’ll have no memories of any of this session. When I count upward from 0, you’ll be wide awake, and all my instructions will stay with you in your subconscious mind, but you won’t remember any of my words. Ready? 0… 1… 2… That’s right slightly more awake. 3… 4… 5… Eyes opening. 6.. 7… 8.. 9… feel free to sit up and stretch that sleepy feeling away from yourself.

"10. Wide awake now, Joleen. You’re right. Hypnosis is probably dumb and doesn’t work.”

“Oh c’mon. I wanna see if you can hypnotize me. I bet you can’t,” Joleen said, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. “Was I lying down just now? That’s weird I feel all lightheaded. Maybe I should get going, it’s pretty late and I’m starting to feel super tired.”

“Yeah you’re probably right. I’ll let you get outa here, have a good night.”

“Thanks for listening to my problems, maybe you can try your hypnosis thing some other time, you’ve got me all curious about it now.”

“Yeah, yeah, next time for sure.”

###

Let me know if you want to find out what happens to Joleen and how Hayden will "improve" her life next. Maybe a slow trend toward full on incontinence? Diapers could be involved? I'm thinking of ideas, let me know what you think if you want to read more.

*005*2019-06-13 02:20

So I started writing for this story again, and it escalated rather quickly. Hope you like it

Joleen was sitting in class, a typical afternoon for her. She was a nursing student, so she spent a lot of time in lecture halls taking notes and trying not to fall asleep. She had no trouble staying awake today, though. Something had just happened that really freaked her out. She had been drinking a lot of water that morning, and had been planning on going to the bathroom before this class had started, but it seemed to have slipped her mind. That said, she needed to pee pretty badly now, but her body seemed to be ready to just let it out without trying to hold it.

When the pressure had first started to build, for some reason she felt herself relaxing instantly as a reaction to it. A tiny bit of pee even leaked out into her panties, but she managed to stop the flow just in time. What was going on? She had to concentrate very hard in order to hold it in for the rest of class. It wasn’t easy. Every second she could feel herself slipping closer and closer over the edge. And it wasn’t the usual sort of desperation she would feel from holding her pee in for too long. In fact, the pressure on her bladder wasn’t very great or painful at all. It was just… her body seemed to be trying to forcibly expel the excess fluid on its own.

Feeling more than a little freaked out, she ran to the nearest bathroom after class, and didn’t even have to push for the pee to come out. She just broke concentration on not peeing, and the pee flowed freely without any effort. She dabbed herself and flushed, thinking on what had just happened. What was she going to do if something like this were to happen again? Who could she turn to for comfort if she peed her pants like a little girl?

For some reason she thought of her Hayden. He had mentioned something about hypnosis the other night, and she was pretty sure he was some sort of psychology major. They were at the same university together, but they had been friends since middle school. Maybe she could confide her troubles in him. For some reason thinking about that made her feel like everything would turn out all right. She just needed to see Hayden, and he would have answers for her.

###

“Wow that’s wild, I’ve never heard of such a thing. It doesn’t sound like your typical stress incontinence, or an infection or something. It sounds almost psychological. Do you think perhaps… part of you wanted to pee your pants?”

“Hayden, this is serious.” Joleen had told Hayden the entire story of what had happened in class. She thought he was making fun of her now.

“I know, I’m being serious. It really sounds like some sort of mental thing. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have been able to hold it by sheer willpower and concentration like you did. Tell you what, why don’t I try some hypnosis therapy. No, really. Trust me, it can do wonders for you. Why don’t you just look at this coin and lie back. Try and get comfortable.

“Shhh- shhh, no complaints, no more talking now, you’re going to lie back and get comfortable. See, that wasn’t so hard, was it? All your muscles that were feeling so tense now just relaxing to their fullest. Go ahead and fall into a deep trance for me. Not sleep, but the deep hypnotic state where only your subconscious mind is active. That’s good. What a good little girl you’ve been. I see you followed my instructions. You’re already forgetting when you need to go to the bathroom, and that makes you feel good. It feels good to obey. You love to feel good.

“You want to continue to feel good, and to obey as we continue your journey to complete and utter incontinence. Pretty soon you’ll be peeing your pants so often it’ll become normal. It’s normal for little girls to pee their pants, because they don’t know what it feels like to need to go to the bathroom. You don’t quite remember what that feeling is anymore, do you? You’re going to be wet constantly and there’s nothing you can do to stop it.

“In order to help, you’re going to need to permanently relax those muscles that you use for holding in your pee. That’s right, even right now. You’re never allowed to contract those muscles again. When you need to pee, the pee will automatically start to flow, because those pesky muscles won’t even be able to stop them in the first place. And when the flow is finished, rather than pinching it off like you normally would by clenching those muscles a bit, you’ll just let it keep flowing. Always flowing, never stopping. Always relaxing, never contracting. You’ll of course feel when pee starts to flow out of you, but you won’t remember that there is a way to stop it, you won’t be able to stop it, no matter what.

“This is permanent, this is your life now. You may need to get yourself some sort of protection to keep from ruining your entire wardrobe. I can see the pants your wearing are already soaked. Feel the warm flow of pee running down your legs? It feels good doesn’t it? You love that feeling. The feeling of pee flowing out of you makes you excited. Your whole body starts to feel hot just thinking about it.

And when the pee starts to flow, when you feel the warmth spreading it spreads all up back through your spine, top the top of your head, down your arms to the tips of your fingers, through your chest and out to the tips of your breasts and your nipples start to feel so sensitive and feel so good. You feel the warmth run back down your spine down your legs to your feet and all your toes and then back up to the source of all that warmth, to your groin where you’re positively burning up now, and you start to feel like you’re on the very edge. That’s right peeing yourself sends shockwaves all throughout your entire body and pretty soon you’re going to find that the act of peeing yourself is enough to make you cum on the spot.

“That’s right, you’re definitely going to be peeing and cumming constantly until your mind breaks from all the pleasure, and you’ll need to wear diapers 24/7 to keep it all contained. You’ll learn to love the squishy feeling of a well soaked diaper pressed against your pussy as it fills with more of your pee and love juices and you’ll want to twerk your nipples and rub your diaper against yourself to feel good all the time. This is your life now, and you’ll enjoy it as long as I’m watching. Get ready to wake up and start feeling good in 3… 2… 1…”

*018*2021-03-11 12:30

Haha that's where you're wrong kiddo. I'm still alive! muwahaha.

*019*2021-03-11 13:56

Alright you degenerates that keep asking, I just started writing a new piece for this story. yes it's been a long time, inspiration is a fickle thing. but upon coming back and reading this again I realized how incomplete it actually felt, like the way Evangelion ended. So expect Hypnosis Coin 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time 358/2 Days and Knuckles featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry Series and a New Funky Mode sometime in the near future.

*021*2021-04-03 07:41

Okay probably wasn't worth t he wait, but here you go.

###

Joleen was floating somewhere where it was hard to think. Or- she was laying down? It was hard to think. She didn’t really feel like thinking anyway. Someone was talking, but it was hard to understand what they were saying. Somewhere deep down- way deep below her subconscious mind, where rational thought was being held hostage, she knew she should be panicking. Why? She couldn’t remember. Something about those words that were being said.

Relax? Yes. That felt right. She knew she was forgetting something. That’s probably what that nervousness had been. She was worried that she wasn’t relaxed enough. She could feel her body relaxing now. Or- it was more accurate to say she couldn’t feel. Her muscles were so relaxed they had lost nearly all sensation. So it was that despite the fact that she had started just lying down, now she was floating. And it was so warm.

So warm. Had it always been so warm? Maybe. Hard to remember. But it seemed like the warmth was spreading. Yes, yes she could notice that now. There was a warmth spreading in her middle. It started up her back, into her arms and fingers and- her chest. Her chest felt hot. Way hotter than the warmth from before, there was a sudden heat, a- raw sexual energy flowing through her now as it passed back down through her middle and down her legs and back up. And finally- finally it settled in one spot. The spot where it had all started, where the warmth had begun and it was so hot now. But the heat wouldn’t stop, it just kept building and building and building until- Fuck. Yes.

Climax as powerful as any she had experienced in her entire life. Joleen was rocked and the cloud she had been floating on seemed in danger of ripping apart as her rational mind was nearly freed from it’s trance. But despite the powerful physical experience that it was she somehow remained deep- deeply fixated and in moments she was back in that floating state, her mind drifting in the afterglow of that blissful orgasm. The warmth remained, and she felt it running all down her legs.

###

“Get ready to wake up and start feeling good,” Hayden was about to suddenly and dramatically count down from 3 to 1, but realized he had a few other things he wanted to say. So he decided to try a little mischief. “In 3… 2… 1… just kidding you’re going deeper. Deeper now than before. Did you think I’d let you wake up from trance so soon? We’re not done reprogramming your brain yet. Feel that pee soaking into your pants right now? Normally that would make you embarrassed but as we’ve just found out it makes you horny instead.

“You’re horny because you know it isn’t normal. It’s naughty. It’s something you know shouldn’t happen, and while that makes you feel shame if it’s on accident, if you can convince yourself it was on purpose, that it was your choice, then it will make you feel excited instead. Being bad feels good, doing what you’re not supposed to makes your heart race. So when you feel the need and the pee starts to flow, try to convince yourself that it was your decision to do so, even though you know deep down that you had no control in the first place.

“Now I am going to wake you up in a moment but there are some things you need to remember before we do that. First, you were never hypnotized. I gave you some normal advice and consolation, whatever soothing words you wanted to hear from me that’s what you’ll remember me saying. You’ll go back to your dorm, walk all the way there in those soaked jeans and forget you ever peed yourself today. Oh you’ll remember the sensations deep in your soul but the recollection of the event will elude you. When you get home you’ll change out of those, shower if you feel the need, and wash all your wet clothes, forgetting it ever happened.

“But it will happen again. Probably very soon, so remember all that I’ve told you today and lock it away in your heart. And when it does happen again remember to come to me for help and I’ll give you more training. You won’t remember it if you try to, but it’s all there deep in your mind, driving your thoughts and emotions whether you realize it or not. Alright, we’ll be counting upward to wake you up. This time it’s for real. Starting at 0. Ready? 0… 1… 2… 3… feeling the trance burn away with the memories. 4… 5… 6… when I get to 10 you’ll be fully awake. 7… 8… 9… almost there- and… 10. Fully awake now.” *clap*

###

Joleen felt a jolt, and realized she had zoned out for a second. “Oh gosh I’m so tired. This has got me so stressed out, Hayden, but thank you for listening to my problems anyway. I’m glad you didn’t just laugh at me like usual, it helps that you were willing to just sit and seriously listen.”

“Anytime, I’m here for you if you want to talk.”

“I’m so lucky to have a friend like you,” Joleen leaned in and hugged Hayden good night. She needed to get home and try to forget the strange thoughts she kept feeling about using the bathroom. She could feel them even now, as she walked home, and her face was flush as she did her best to banish thoughts of peeing herself.

###

That had gone exceptionally well. Hayden had done many tests on other students leading up to this, but he expected Joleen was going to be his magnum opus. Unfortunately he knew the limitations of his coin from those tests. While he was holding the coin and speaking hypnotically in that person’s presence they were under his complete control, and would obey unquestioningly. But the effect only lasted as far as that session. Joleen wasn’t going to immediately start pissing herself at every chance because he’d told her to in trance. It didn’t work that way, unfortunately.

But she would go away with all the feelings of obedience from that trance session locked away deep in her subconscious, and the more sessions they had together the stronger those feelings would be and the longer they’d last after the session was over. Real hypnosis that didn’t rely on magic coins, Hayden understood, worked very similarly. It would require weeks, perhaps months of sessions for the effects to actually become permanent, and persist outside of trance.

The way he saw it, each session would weaken her bladder and her resistance to peeing on herself a little more, until eventually all resistance was gone. The incident in class that she had come to talk to him about was a good sign of that, but if not for their session today it probably would have been a one time thing. Having resisted once she would have been stronger at resisting again if he hadn’t reinforced her obedience today.

It was going to be a fun ride.

###

It had been a couple of days since that time Joleen had almost peed herself in class. She had been so scared and embarrassed but that seemed silly now. She was more embarrassed that she had made such a fuss over nothing and brought her problems to Hayden. He probably thought she was some kind of weirdo now.

Of course he was pretty weird himself. She only vaguely remembered the actual advice he’d given her, but before that he’d said something weird about how maybe she’d wanted to pee herself. She had some sort of subconscious desire to let go in the middle of a class? That sounded crazy, but made a weird kind of sense. She remembered how her bladder hadn’t even been full to bursting but it still leaked a tiny bit. She’d never had trouble holding it before but it really was like the pee wanted to come out on its own. Could she blame that on her body or was it in her head?

She sat in class now, ruminating on all this somewhat absentmindedly because a need had started to arise in her bladder. Should that worry her? She’d held on just fine the last couple times this had happened in the days since the first incident. She didn’t want to freak out every time she felt the need to pee. She decided to just relax instead. She could hold it. Why get worked up over it. Even if the idea of peeing herself was… intriguing?

What? Where did that come from? She didn’t actually want to try it, did she? What would it be like if she had actually peed herself in class? It would be humiliating of course, but could she also find that… exciting? She knew there were people who got excited by humiliation, but that wasn’t her was it? She’d always had a fairly normal idea of sex. She touched herself in the shower now and then, but she was still a virgin and didn’t really think about erotic stuff all that often. So why was she getting so excited right now?

All while she was thinking this the pressure began to build. It was suddenly strangely foreign to her, that pressure. How many times had she felt that need to go in her life and never thought about the way the sensation pressed against her lower abdomen. It did so now in the most uncomfortable way. She knew there was one way to get rid of that feeling. She could just let it go. Don’t let it build anymore and just relax right now. Why did that sound so appealing?

Feeling deeply disturbed, she was glad when the bell finally rang, and she was quick to find the nearest bathroom. What if class had gone longer? Would she have actually done it? It terrified her that she didn’t have an answer to that.

###

Days turned into weeks and Joleen’s urges were getting harder and harder to keep in check. For the first time in ages she’d masturbated last night to try and relieve some of what she’d been feeling. She’d nearly lost control of her bladder during climax. She knew that wasn’t so abnormal, she’d read up on it just in case, and it wasn’t totally uncommon for women to pee a little bit when they climaxed. Some women who were “squirters” were actually just peeing a little bit, it was normal. But it worried her just the same.

She found herself wanting to give up, to just let go in class one day to see what it was like, and when she found out how horrible it was she’d never have to do it again. But that would kill her reputation and her social life in one fell swoop. Hayden probably wouldn’t be so nice to her if she peed herself fully like that. She’d gone back to him several times and he was always willing to listen. He never really said much in the way of actual advice, but she didn’t know how she could have gone on without him. She was going there today.

“Joleen, what’s up? You need to talk, again?” Hayden greeted her as he opened the door and invited her in.

“Yeah, it’s been happening again. Something might be seriously wrong with me.” She knew she should be embarrassed that she was having to come here so often and talk about such a weird subject. Instead she felt comfortable in his presence, like she could lay all her worries behind and everything would be fine here.

What had she been thinking about just now? She felt so tired all of a sudden, like she should be sleeping right now. It might be a good idea to lie down.

###

“Very good, lie down and enter that deep trance state that you love so much,” Hayden instructed, coin in hand. “You’ve been doing so well. Remembering things we’ve learned here in this room, keeping them in mind even when the strong hypnotic control I have over you ends. You want to pee yourself. You need to pee yourself. Peeing yourself makes you feel good. Take off your pants for me and go deeper.”

Hayden continued to make Joleen pee herself in most of their sessions since that first time he’d done it. He had gotten tired of cleaning up after her, though. So he’d changed the format a bit after washing his sheets the third time. “That’s right, I’ve got something you love here. I’ve got a fresh diaper for you to wear. You love diapers because when you wear them you know you can pee without any worries. You know you’re safe. Lift up, now”

Hayden scooted the diaper under Joleen’s bum, and taped it into place. He was able to contain his excitement at seeing her naked lower body a lot better now that he'd seen it several times. He could take advantage of her in a more sexual way in this state, but he found the bladder control play to ultimately be more stimulating. Having such dominance over another human was more gratifying than any cheap climax could have been.

“Alright, diaper’s in place now and you are free to pee yourself whenever you feel the need. No need to rush, though. We have plenty of time to talk about your future while you’re here. I said before that you’ve been doing well, but let’s be honest. You haven’t once peed yourself fully outside this room. This makes me very disappointed in you, and you want nothing more than to avoid that. You want to make me happy, because you love me. So you want to do what I tell you, even when our session is over and you’ve been released from my total control you’ll remember that.

“This is going to go into the deepest part of your subconscious possible, so deep that no matter what, no matter how much time passes or how far away from my control you think you’ve gotten, this fact will remain. Tomorrow, during class, you will pee yourself. It may be because you’re giving in to those naughty desires you’ve been feeling, it may be because you can’t hold it anymore. You’re not allowed to go to the toilet until then by the way, you have to let it build so there will be plenty to let out. Remember to drink lots of water, and remember that it’s so hard to hold when you feel that pressure in your lower abdomen. It’s so hard to want to hold, you want to relax instead. 

Relax and release, but only when you’re in the classroom surrounded by other people. This will happen. You can use whatever rationalization you want, whatever justification your mind comes up with for why. Why? Why are you leaking, here where everyone can see? It doesn’t matter. In fact, let go of “why.” Why is a lie we tell ourselves to explain events we really can’t control. And you can’t control. You have no control. You will pee, you can’t stop it. There’s no reason, you have no reason.

“Once it happens there’s no going back. Any resistance you’ve held to will rush out with the pee. And it will feel. So. Good. You may feel the pressure building right now, and you may remember that it’s okay to go because you’re wearing a diaper. That’s true, normally but hold onto it for now. In fact, keep wearing that diaper until your class tomorrow when you’re going to pee. It will help make you feel safe, make you remember it’s okay to pee. Even when you’re not wearing a diaper it’s okay to pee, but this will reinforce the idea. It will be a constant reminder until the event tomorrow.

“Now you may not remember me putting the diaper on you, because you normally forget everything that happens in these sessions. So instead you’ll remember that I gave you that diaper to wear, and you’ll remember being embarrassed by the suggestion, but eventually realizing it would be for the best. You’ll remember putting it on yourself as a precaution but you’ll have trouble remembering how to take it off. It’s fine, you can go one day without showering. Just leave the diaper on. Because you’ll need it. Because whether you want it or not, you are going to wet yourself in class and this diaper will help you remember to do so.”

Hayden thought this should be enough. He was worried about the diaper. He thought his control was strong enough now that it would hold, at least until she was in class tomorrow. But what if she took the diaper off. What if she walked out of the room and suddenly thought it was strange to be wearing in the first place? He had to take risks, though. He needed to push her along.

“Time to wake up soon. Wake up and forget everything that you don’t need to remember. Only what I’ve told you to remember. I’ll count you up now…”

###

Afterword:

I'll say this with finality for anyone still wondering, this is where the story ends. Yes it could keep going forever, but I'm not a multi-million dollar mickey mouse company trying to milk this as an intellectual property for decades to get all the money. In fact I get no money for this, just fake internet points. I appreciate that you liked it as a story and I get that people will probably want more even after I'm writing this end note, but you have to realize that creatively, there's nothing I feel like I can add at this point. I mean I could, but call me lazy or whatever I just don't really feel like it. So that's it, that's all you get, thanks and have a great rest of your life.

