Lily and Pat

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-03-09 17:12

A/N: A probably three-part commission, in which our two protagonists get into increasingly more cartoonish desperation scenarios. Suspend your disbelief and strap in for a wild ride, because it only gets more extreme!

Lily has a bit of extra weight on her, but it distributes in a way that accentuates her natural curves, and all in all, she is a very attractive girl, with rich brown hair. One morning, dressed in the black shorts and pink top that she always sleeps in, she wakes up with her boyfriend, whom she had spent the previous night with. As she slowly rises, she gives him a good morning kiss, but then she feels a sharp pang from her lower stomach.

It is first thing in the morning, so of course, she really has to pee. She feels so full that she feels like she might pop, and she is quick to try and get out of bed to take care of that. However, her kiss woke up her boyfriend, and he reaches to pull her back down, giving her a much longer kiss, oblivious to how desperate she is. She wants to tell him to let her go so that she can go to the bathroom, but she’s a little shy about admitting something like that to him, so she makes something else up.

“I’m going to the kitchen to make breakfast, alright?” she asks. “Can you let me up?”

“Sure thing,” he says, “you’re an angel.”

She stands up, the pressure in her bladder hitting her even harder, and then he says, “Make sure to make pour the coffee and make some orange juice, make sure you squeeze all the drops out of the pulp.”

Visualizing everything he says against her well, she squeezes her thighs together, the overwhelming throbbing in her bladder growing worse at the vivid imagery. She can’t remember needing to go this badly, and wishes that she hadn’t drank anything before she went to bed the night before, not that that does any good now.

Knowing that she needs to hurry, she heads for the kitchen, but stops at the bathroom on the way, each step like torture on her very full bladder. She is afraid of how full she is now, wondering if she will even make it, but the thought of wetting herself where her boyfriend and his roommates can see her is horrifying. No matter what, she has to avoid that, so she struggles to the bathroom, only to find that the door is closed.

She jams her hands between her legs, holding herself while she squirms and bounces up and down in place. She’s not sure if she’s going to make it upstairs, that is how bad it has gotten for her, and so she knocks on the door, saying, “Is there anyone in here?”

“Hold on a minute,” says the man inside, one of her boyfriend’s roommates.

She is absolutely shaking with her need now, sweat pooling on her forehead, the terror of having an accident only increasing her nerves. If she doesn’t make it...she bites her lip hard, trying to keep her composure when it’s already so close to being too late for her.

While she stands there, waiting her turn and regretting her decision to drink so much and not pee before bed, she sees some of the others in the house, beginning their daily routines. While one guy waters the plants, another fills his mug full of coffee, and the sights and sounds do nothing to help her desperation. She is going to lose it any minute now, and she has to do something before she humiliates herself in front of everyone.

She knocks again, and the one inside, Pat, says, “I’m busy flushing stuff!”

Not knowing what he means, but assuming that must indicate he’s almost done, she throws open the door. Pat is, at least, not exposed in any way in there; he is a tall and muscular young man, but with a more lean sort of build, and blonde hair. He is clad in black shorts and a red shirt and, as he said, he is quite literally flushing things. He’s flushing random objects, something that she’s sure is going to severely damage the plumbing and something that she can’t even begin to wrap her head around.

In her desperate state, seeing someone misuse the toilet like this is absolute torture. She can’t even conceal her desperation, holding herself in front of him and feeling close to exploding as she begs, “Please, just let me use the toilet and then you can get back to that!” At this point, she would do just about anything.

“I told you I was busy,” he replies, and she whines.

“It’ll just take a second! Can’t you see I’m about to burst?!”

“Yeah, but can’t you see I’m busy?”

She can’t believe that he would even argue with her over this, but every second that she wastes arguing with him is more time pushing her closer to the inevitable. By this point, she probably could have made it upstairs, and she is just wasting her time. She knows she’s about to lose, so she just hurries to go upstairs, praying that she can make it in time and avoid humiliating herself. But, as she is running upstairs, the way she leans forward with the weight of her bladder causes her to fall, and she feels a spurt escape her.

While she is focused on trying to regain control, another roommate, Adam, passes by and picks her up, saying, “Perfect timing, Lily! I need help with my dancing practice!” Ignoring her protests, he pulls her close to himself for his impromptu practice, and can feel the hard bulge of her bladder pushing into him, something that he is surprised to find that he likes.

She fights to get out of his grip, and when he dips her, she is able to, just barely holding on at this point. Her bladder is at a critical level, and she cannot afford to waste anymore time. Every step is like torture, but she struggles to the bathroom, closer and closer, until she is throwing open the door, not even thinking to close it behind her, she is in such a rush.

She is only a couple feet away from the toilet when it happens, when her bladder finally reaches its limit, feeling as though it explodes with the force of liquid exiting her. What could have just been another leak is a powerful spurt that turns into a strong stream, soaking through her panties, and then her shorts, before streaking down her legs and forming a puddle at her feet, the loud hiss unmistakable.

She is overcome with horror as she realizes what is happening, but no matter how hard she tries, she can’t get it to stop. Lily has never been so ashamed in her life, knowing that not only did she not make it, but that she was so close to still end up in such a situation. Just when she thinks that it cannot get any worse, her boyfriend and the others pass by in that moment, and witness the majority of her accident.

“Seriously, Lily?” he asks, a look of utter disgust on his face. “That’s so gross, why would you do that here?” Before she can explain herself, he says, “We’re done, it’s over.”

“But I-” But he doesn’t give her a chance to say anything, and instead pulls out his phone and begins taking pictures, making it clear that he intends to show everyone what happened to her, before leaving her alone to deal with her humiliation.

She falls to her knees in her own puddle, sobbing.

*002*2019-03-14 17:41

A/N: The cartoonish shenanigans continue in this update. After this is all done, there's going to be a google doc "Final Cut" with edits the commissioner wanted. The first part has already been plumped up a bit, so that's at least one thing that will be different once all the installments are here.

Meanwhile, Pat, who missed the whole ordeal, is still fascinated by flushing things. The toilet begins to overflow, and he watches in wonder, thinking that it kind of resembles a waterfall, but then, he feels a twitch in his bladder, and realizes that he’s been so focused he did not notice his own need.

What starts as one small twinge starts to grow, and grow, from a twinge to a pang to a throb, until it is a steady ache in his bladder that tells him he has let himself get too full during this time. At first, he tries to ignore it as it grows, pushing away each twitch that he feels as he watches the result of his flushing experiment.

But then his first pang interrupts him, and he starts to think that maybe it’s time to fix the damage he’s done to the toilet so that he can use it before this gets too bad. However he doesn’t really know much about fixing toilets and the damage he has done is pretty severe. Scratching his head while he tries to think of a solution, his attention is suddenly stolen by another sharp pang. This one doesn’t settle or fade, however, and turns into more of a consistent pulse, alerting him to how full his bladder is and how long he put off relieving himself just to play around with the flushing experiment.

Things only get worse from there, and he forgets all attempts to figure out the toilet as his attention is entirely stolen by his full bladder. As his bladder begins to spasm, he realizes that he is not going to last much longer, and this toilet is out of commission for the time being, which means he will have to do something else. Grabbing himself and crossing his legs for a moment to stabilize, he steadies his breathing and clenches his muscles to make sure that he is going to be alright for now. He then turns to make his way upstairs, as quickly as possible without doing too much to jostle his bladder.

However, Lily is showering in that bathroom, crying over her humiliation and getting broken up with. It’s already the worst day of her life, despite it still being the morning, and when she hears Pat knock and beg her to open the door, she just tells him to wait. He is one of the last people she wants to hear from right now.

“Please, I’m about to bust a gut,” he whines, squirming outside the door. If she could see him now, she would see him in the same sort of position she had been in earlier, and certainly wouldn’t pity him for that.

“I’m showering, so you have to wait.” Her words are sharp and cruel, and the sound of water from the shower is too much for him to listen to in his current state, making him feel even closer to losing control.

He returns downstairs, dancing in place to try to keep himself under control, and he tries to come up with something to do about this. He thinks maybe he can calm himself down, but when he sees the sink dripping, he is almost overcome by a particular strong spasm, and when he tries looking out the window to distract himself, he sees a sprinkler, and that is even worse for him.

Pat runs outside, thinking to maybe turn the sprinkler off, but when he tries to turn it, it’s stuck, and while he is trying, a neighbor’s dog pees on a hydrant, as if to mock him. Being so close to the sprinkler was already bad enough, but this is just too much for him. Knowing that he is about to explode, he runs to the house next door, praying that they will have mercy on him.

However, the neighbor, who happens to also be Adam’s dance instructor, is cruel enough to say, “Sorry, but it’s for paying customers only. Maybe if you pay for your own dance lesson…”

Not wanting to pay, but also not wanting to wet himself, Paul, who is scrunched up and bouncing in place, scrounges up the money and is told to find the key to the bathroom in the garage. He supposes they keep it locked up to keep non-paying customers from getting in, but he still thinks that entire concept is a little bizarre. Still, he is just glad to have the chance to relieve himself at last.

His relief is short lived however; the key is attached to a cinder block, and no matter how he pulls, he is unable to get the key free. He struggles and strains, springing a leak or two in his effort to get the key loose, but it is stuck, and he isn’t able to lift the block in his current state either. This goes on for a few minutes before his neighbor joins him, saying, “Alright, time to get on with your dance lesson.”

Though he protests, he is made to join them in dancing, and the jostling is nearly enough to cause him to lose control. In fact, when he is dipped at the end, he feels a small leak, and he knows he can’t waste anymore time here. He is in so much pain, and he decides that he might be able to fix the toilet at home before he could make it anywhere else, and that he might have been better off to have tried doing that from the start.

He can’t move at too fast of a pace now, but he returns home as quickly as he is able to so that he can try to plunge the toilet, which he hopes will be enough to fix it.

While he works on this, Lily is finishing up her very long shower. She’s so sad about the events of the day, and she has taken her time with things, just to be away from the world for a little while. The hot water is scalding on her soapy body, and she rubs herself with soap from top to bottom, as if she could cleanse herself of the memory and her humiliation in some way.

But there is nothing she can do with that, and lathering herself does nothing other than clean her skin until she is raw. She takes her time even with rinsing the soap from her body, the water washing away what is left of her tears as well. Finally, she gets out of the shower and begins to towel herself off, and wraps herself in the towel to go get some fresh clothes.

Meanwhile, Pat continues to try to figure out the ins and outs of the toilet downstairs, plunging as if his life depends on it with one hand, while holding himself with his other hand, squirming and dancing in front of the toilet. The house is beginning to flood, and when he tries to plunge, the toilet sprays water at him in response. He whines, tightening his grip on himself to keep from having anymore lapses in control, but it doesn’t look like he’s getting anywhere with this.

But he knows that he has to hurry, because he is really about to burst now, and no amount of grabbing himself or crossing his legs or dancing is going to be able to prevent that once he finally reaches his limit, and he will do anything to keep that from happening.

Upstairs, after Lily has dressed in a silver top and black shorts, she flushes the toilet, and, unbeknownst to her, the damaged plumbing in the house leads to this causing a drip in the ceiling above Pat. He whimpers in despair, the flooding situation only growing worse by the moment.

Lily thinks for a moment, then decides that maybe a little payback on everyone might be a good idea. It would be funny if she just took the toilet, so she takes the upstairs toilet with her when she heads downstairs, only to find the horrible state of flooding that the house is in. Pat is floating in a makeshift boat, and when the boat hits her, she tips off the stairs and falls into it.

“What have you done?!” she screams, not quite believing what she’s seeing.

Squirming and grabbing himself for her to see, he says, “This is all your fault!”

“How is it my fault? You’re the one who broke the toilet and wouldn’t let anyone else use it!” she replies. It is then that he notices the upstairs toilet, and he reaches for it. “No way! Not after what you’ve pulled! You need to fix the mess you made!”

“No, please, I just need to see it for one second!” he begs.

“Absolutely not! Before you can pee, you have to fix the spraying toilet that you broke!” she demands, and she will not let him argue any further. However, Pat is in very bad shape, which she can tell by the why his legs are tightly crossed and how badly he is shaking. He keeps his fists tightly clenched at his sides, and she knows that he will not be much good for fixing the toilet in this condition.

She decides to have a little bit of mercy on him, and though she will still make him wait until it’s fixed, she decides to help him fix it. He follows her as she dives down to try to work on it, but his impatience only grows, his urge so bad now that there is absolutely no hope left for him. Lily struggles to work on the toilet while he squirms and squirms, until he bumps into her, which causes her to accidentally flush the toilet, and drag all the water into the swollen pipes, expanded beyond their normal capacity.

And with it, it takes Lily and Pat as well.

*004*2019-03-21 15:11

A/N: A short update without any desperation, but that's because it's leading up to the next part, and I didn't want the next part to get too hefty.

They scream in terror despite being underwater, and Lily quickly closes her mouth to avoid taking too much water in. The two are swirled around and around until they are separated, and she closes her eyes tight, with no idea where she is going. All she can do is hold her breath and hope that whatever happens, she makes it out of this alive.

Just when she thought her day could not get any worse...though what she doesn’t realize is things are only going to get worse from here.

When she is finally able to break the surface of the water, she realizes that she has been taken far from home in the rush of water. She’s emerged in the town pond, and that’s not all that’s off; judging from how the water has yellowed around her, and the strange scent in the air, she knows that Pat must have finally lost control of himself, the large quantity he was holding completely tainting the water. She should probably search for Pat and make sure that he’s alright, but first she wants to get out of the water for a moment, and heads for the shore.

That is when she notices the crowd of people gathering around the pond, watching her as she emerges, and she is suddenly very conscious of how much she smells, having been in the water. Everyone is staring at her, and she thinks it must be because of how gross she looks right now, and she’s sure that Pat is going to get in a lot of trouble for everything that he’s done. Once he comes up, everyone is going to turn on him, and he is going to be in trouble, which serves him right for what he’s put her through today.

But then, the crowd begins to close in around her, several people talking at once so that it’s hard to tell what anyone is saying. She is just barely able to pick out some of the statements, and a sense of dread settles over her as she realizes what everyone has assumed from what they have witnessed.

“You nasty girl,” she hears someone say.

“What were you thinking?!” another person questions.

“As if we don’t have enough trouble with pollution!”

“Did you think it was funny to do that? Well? Did you?”

“Keep her surrounded so she can’t escape! The cops are already on their way!”

The crowd thinks that she did it! They think that she’s the guilty one, when she’s really just been a victim in both this and every other crazy thing that’s happened today! Any minute now, she expects to wake up from this nightmare, but for now, she’s surrounded by this angry mob, blaming her for staining the pond with pee.

“It wasn’t me!” she argues, but no one seems to hear her. “It was him, it was Pat, it was- !” But even as she looks around wildly, she can find no sign of the young man who followed her down the drain.

“Don’t try to lie,” someone tells her. “You can’t blame this on any of us, we all saw you come out of there! There are way too many witnesses for you to even think you could get away with something like this.”

Her heart is racing now, as she begins to realize that arguing is going to do her absolutely no good. But with all these people against her, then how is she going to prove her innocence? She didn’t do it! She knows that she didn’t have to pee, so there’s no way any of that is hers! But how can she convince anyone of that?

“It wasn’t me!” she pleads again. “You have to understand, the toilet at the house was broken, and we had to fix it, but there was a flood and-”

“And you had your own little flood in our pond!” someone interrupts, getting the crowd all riled up again.

“No, I didn’t, I-I...I didn’t even have to go! I already went!” she insists. “I...I peed my pants earlier today! Before! You can ask my ex-boyfriend or my roommates, they saw-”

Even though she is willing to admit to her embarrassing secret, it doesn’t seem to do her much, or any good. One person declares, “You only did that once you were already in the pond!” So it doesn’t seem like anyone here is willing to listen to reason. Without a witness on her side, it is going to be very hard for her to get the police to believe that she wasn’t responsible for this catastrophe, and she’s sure by now, Pat must have managed to make his escape during the chaos.

What was already the worst and most humiliating day of her life only gets worse when the police arrive, cuffing her without listening to her pleas. She’s thrown into the car and told that she will be interrogated at the station, and that it would be best for her to wait until she gets there before she says anything that might incriminate her.

*007*2019-03-28 15:46

A/N: The final chapter is here! As promised, here is the final cut google doc, with some changes made to earlier chapters to add further detail. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T59e4_KGIkyHoghm4s6MmJvMJAHly5QpAUvN9d_t4Kk/edit?usp=sharing

She is left alone in the interrogation room for some time, and in the absolute silence, she can’t help but her it; a leaking pipe. The steady dripping of the water is just annoying at first, and impossible to shut out, but then, it becomes something else. She is handcuffed to the table, unable to move, and for the first time since she got here, she realizes that she is starting to need to pee again.

She squirms in the seat, hyper aware of how her bladder begins to slowly fill, already filled with a sense of dread. After wetting herself this morning, all she can think about is how she wants to get to a bathroom as quickly as possible, but she won’t have that option until her interrogators come in, and even then, she can’t be sure that they will show mercy on her, but she hopes that they will have some decency.

However, when they enter the room, all that one of the men says is, “If you want to go ahead and confess now, that would make things easier for us.”

“But I didn’t do it!” she protests.

“Then you’re just gonna have to wait for your lawyer to get here,” he replies. “Maybe he can make everything all better for you, but I doubt it, with all the witnesses that we have.”

“I really, really didn’t,” she insists, but she knows it’s no good right now. She really does need to wait for her lawyer. However, as she squirms again, she remembers that there’s something she would rather not wait on. Her bladder is growing so full that she can feel it pulsing and pounding more and more with each passing second, and with no idea when her lawyer is coming, she does not think she should try to wait until the end of the interrogation.

“Please,” she says, her face turning red with embarrassment as she admits her problem, “can I please have a break before we start? I-I have to go to the bathroom, and-”

“You’re not leaving this room until we figure something out. Why don’t you just do the right thing and confess?”

“Because I didn’t do it! There’s nothing to confess to! I’m innocent, so please! Just let me go to the bathroom, and then we can wait for my lawyer!”

“You really think you can get out of this just by saying you didn’t do it?” the cop asks her, shaking his head. “No way. We know that you did it, so there’s no point in lying. No one could prove your innocence, and waiting around isn’t doing any of us any good. Either you can do things the easy way, or we can do this the hard way and wait for your lawyer but either way, we know you did it.”

“If I did it, then why would I already have to go again?!” she demands, shaking with her need, her swollen bladder continuing to protest.

“Drank too much of the pond water you ruined, maybe?” he replies, and she feels herself tearing up, realizing how hopeless this must be for her. “You were splashing around in there for a while, according to witnesses, so that definitely makes sense to me.”

“Serves you right, swallowing that gross water,” another cop says, giving her a look of disgust.

“She’s disgusting, isn’t she?”

“Nobody is listening to me!” she nearly screams, growing hysterical. She has to pee so bad now that she cannot stop trembling, and the dripping of the pipe seems so loud to her even though she knows she should be able to block it out, with other conversation going on around her. She can’t block it out, though, no matter how hard she tries, and she does not think that her lawyer is going to get here in time.

“I didn’t do it,” she protests again weakly, but she knows they will not believe her, nor will they take pity on her to give her a bathroom break. If her only option is to confess, then that is what she is going to have to do, to give relief to her throbbing bladder. After dealing with the ache of desperation once already today, she is weak now, and she wants to give in more than anything.

Knowing all of this, and knowing how this may ruin her if she does, she says it. “O-okay, I confess! I confess! There, are you happy? I confess, so can I please go to the bathroom now?”

“Did you hear that?” one of the cops says in glee. “She confessed! We finally got her to crack!”

With that, they all break out into cheers, congratulating one another and celebrating their success. They are so elated to have gotten Lily to confess, in fact, that they are too preoccupied with that to listen to her, or pay attention to her pleas to be allowed the bathroom break she had been promised.

“Please? Can I please go to the bathroom?” she begs. “I have to pee, please!” But it’s no use; they won’t listen. Her lawyer arrives soon, but too late, and he is told that he will see her again in court.

Lily, while squirming and struggling against her bladder, is cuffed and taken to her cell, still denied her bathroom break.

~X~

Two weeks later, when Lily, dressed in a prison jumpsuit, is brought into her trial, she is shaking so much that she can barely stand. The toilet in her cell was out of order, and no matter how much she begged, she was not allowed to transfer to another cell. She aches with her need, and all she can do is pray that her trial is over soon, that her lawyer can prove her innocent, so that this whole ordeal can be over with, and she can go to bathroom at last.

But she isn’t so sure about her chances in this trial, when she feels the eyes of the jury on her. She recognizes some faces in the crowd from the crowd at the pond, and she knows that they have a bias against her. She clenches her fists at her side, trembling and squeezing her thighs tightly together. Blinking back tears, she waits to be called forward.

Biting her lip, Lily fights against another potential leak, something that she’s been fighting for so long that she finds it hard to believe that she has been able to stop herself from wetting herself this whole time. She is so nervous and terrified of losing control in front of all these people. She can only imagine how terrible it would look for her to soak the floor of the courtroom while trying to prove that she was not the one to do the same thing to the town pond.

She can barely pay attention to the proceedings, until she is asked outright, “How do you plea?”

“I...N…” She squirms, jamming her hands between her legs even though everyone is looking at her. She can’t wait herself here, not now, not when the trial is about to really get under way. She has to focus, she has to speak up and tell them the truth, she has to overcome this situation, and the first step is to say it.

“N...nng….nah- nah...g-guilty!” she strains, almost losing control in the middle of her sentence, and just barely manages to stop her bladder from emptying. For a moment, she thinks she is triumphant; after all, she manages to stop a leak and get her statement out, all in one go. But then, the horror of what has actually happened comes crashing down on her.

“She pleads guilty,” the judge announces, “and has confessed to the crime during interrogation. I see no reason to continue.”

“No!” she screams, realizing that they’ve misheard her due to her stammering. The murmur of the courtroom becomes almost deafening to her as she tries to be heard over it. “No, that’s not what I meant! I didn’t say that, I said-”

“So, without further ado-”

“I said I wasn’t guilty! I’m not guilt!” she screams. “I didn’t do it, I didn’t-”

“-with the severity of the crime, I have no choice but to-”

“It wasn’t me, please, you have to listen! Believe me, I can prove it! I didn’t do it! Give me a chance to-”

“-sentence you to thirty years in prison, no toilets-”

“No, no, no, no, no! Please, give me a chance, give me a trial, I promise! I can prove I didn’t do it!”

“-and if you ever wet yourself or pee anywhere other than a toilet-”

“It wasn’t me! Why does no one listen to me? Why does no one believe me?” Lily is sobbing now, in disbelief and despair. After everything that’s happened, it’s really come to this?

“-then we will raise your sentence to a life sentence.”

“Noooooo!” she wails. “It isn’t fair, that isn’t fair, please, stop, just let me-”

But then, before she can even finish begging for her freedom, without paying any attention to anything that she’s said, without even doing anything to indicate that he’s heard her, the judge slams his gavel down. It’s over for Lily, it’s all over, and there’s nothing she can do now to change the outcome of the trial, the result of several incidents on one horrible, unlucky day.

She is sobbing and begging for mercy even as she is drug out of the courtroom, and her bladder throbs harder and harder, making it known to her that it won’t be long before she loses the battle. It seems that no matter how hard she fights, she won’t be able to stop herself from losing control- after all, she can’t hold it for thirty years- which means that her fate has already been sealed.

