In her office (A Genshin Impact Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-30 15:41

A/N: I wrote this back for Peecember!

Jean can’t remember when her last break was, nor does she know when she is going to be able to take one again. Maybe she has not stopped at all today- that would honestly not surprise her at all. The Acting Grand Master is always so busy that she can hardly think straight, and barely even has time to take care of herself. That often means that her own needs are pushed to the side, which means that she once again finds herself so desperate to pee that she can hardly stand it, while also with no way of knowing when she is going to be able to go take care of that.

This happens far more often than she would prefer. Really, it happens nearly daily, and it seems that, no matter how careful she is about what she has to drink and when, she is still never able to avoid the moment when her bladder reaches a critical point, when it is time for her to start panicking about whether or not she is going to make it to the bathroom before it is too late. Though she has not had any accidents yet, that does not mean that she is ever confident in herself, not when she is often pushed to the very last minute, usually leaking a little bit, just never enough to be seen by anyone else.

It is never a good idea to let her guard down, nor is it a good idea to be confident or careless. At any point, she could get stuck in a situation that might be impossible to get out of until it’s too late, so she has to be as careful as possible, always forcing herself to keep holding on for as long as she can, and always looking for an opportunity that she might be able to make some sort of excuse, or slip away for her break. Whatever it takes to keep herself under control until she is actually able to properly relieve herself.

Today is a rather difficult day for her, as she finds her desperation growing much too rapidly, making her worry about just how long she can actually keep this up. Jean seriously needs to pee, her bladder so full that it hurts, and no matter what, it seems like she just can’t catch a break. Anything that could go wrong today has, and she has had meeting after meeting, and incident after incident that she has to resolve in between. No matter when she thinks she might have a chance to get away, something always happens to ensure that she can’t, and that she has to keep waiting it out, ignoring the pangs from her bladder while also trying to pretend that nothing is bothering her.

Not only can she not let her desperation get the better of her, but she also can’t let onto it with anyone else. She has to make sure no one can tell that she is struggling not to wet herself. It would not look good on her if it were obvious that, no matter how hard she tries to be good at her job, that she just can’t help but get carried away in her need to empty her bladder. Someone in her position should have more control, should be able to restrain herself no matter what it is.

That is what Jean believes, and that is why she can’t give in. She can’t be late to a meeting to empty her bladder, she can’t be delayed in assisting someone to empty her bladder, and she can never let anyone see that she’s struggling not to lose control. When her steps become stiff, she pretends that she’s just sore; if someone notices a pained expression on her face, she has some sort of excuse that has them believing it’s just her reflecting on the most recent incident that she has had to resolve.

All the while, things are getting worse and worse for her, and today, she is more worried than ever. Looking at the day before her, it’s just meeting after meeting, with tiny windows for breaks that will no doubt continue to be stolen from her by incidents or questions, and she already feels as though she has reached her limit. Her panties are damp, and her pants are far too light to hide it if she leaks too much more. Her panic is growing by the moment, but she can’t think of anything to do.

Except disappear, abandoning her responsibilities just for the moment, just to do whatever it takes to avoid the very fate that she is trying to avoid. It goes against everything that she has forced herself to practice, but her absolute need to not humiliate herself in the middle of a meeting wins out in the end, and Jean finds herself fleeing, knowing already that the bathroom is not going to be an option, not if she wants to remain dry while in view of anyone that happens by her. The only option that she has is her office, where she can at least be alone before it finally happens.

Even with that in mind, Jean barely makes it into the room before it happens. The door closes behind her, and she leans back against it as she pisses herself full force, the stream so powerful that she knows she never would have been able to stop it, had this started when she was busy. Jean slumps back against the door, shoulders sagging as she sighs with relief. It feels so good that she can forget, for a moment, that she still has a pretty big problem to deal with, that she still has a lot of cleanup to worry about. Cleanup that is going to take time and will be very hard to hide from others, and will get in the way of her perfectly planned day.

But in the moment, it is hard to even worry about that, when she can just be relieved that she did not do this with any sort of audience.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

