Out on the town (A G Gundam Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-12-20 23:21

A/N: some short drunken shenanigans

Their choice of drink may be different, but nothing gets in the way of true camaraderie, and sharing a drink is one of the best ways to bond like this. Despite their cultural differences, Chibodee and George can at least agree on that, and that is why the two of them decide to go out drinking together. Neither intends to get too carried away, but things often fail to go to plan.

George finds it hard to maintain his composure around the other man, and finds himself behaving more impulsively, making decision that he likely wouldn’t have otherwise. Chibodee just has a habit of saying that he won’t drink too much, only to do so anyway and simply claim that it’s the thought that counts. Besides, when he orders a big meal of only the finest, greasiest American bar food, he can’t help that he needs quite a lot of beer to wash it down with.

As for George, he ordered the most expensive wine he could get, and even spent quite a while trying to talk the waiter into revealing some secret, exclusive menu. Needless to say, the waiter had no idea about any of this, and insisted that the wine on the menu was all that they had. At the very least, what they had was enough to satisfy George, who sips from his glass while he wants Chibodee absolutely destroy the plate in front of him.

The two of them are an odd match in pretty much every regard. From the start, they’ve butted heads, and yet, because of that, the two of them have only gotten closer. The fact is, they’re definitely already dating, it’s just that neither of them have come out and admitted it yet. Their friends know it, though, and are just waiting for the couple to stop playing dumb about their own relationship.

It’s easier to hang out like this without calling it a date, though. At least, Chibodee is pretty sure that’s the case. He isn’t sure what he would do on a date with someone like George, but when they just go drinking together, even when it’s just the two of them, he doesn’t feel like he has to worry about how to act or what he is supposed to do. Not to mention, all the alcohol makes it easier for him to forget any reason that he might have to be nervous, even if he wants to claim that he has no reason to be nervous around George de Sand.

As for George, he is rather impressive with how much he is able to drink. Chibodee isn’t sure if the other man is a surprising heavyweight, or just eager to cut loose tonight, but he polishes off glass after glass of wine. As the room begins to blur around Chibodee, a warmth settling in his stomach, he finds it harder and harder to keep from gazing across the table at George, to the point that he keeps catching himself staring. Which, the fact that he can’t stop staring?

More than enough reason for him to keep drinking.

~X~

By the time the two of them are stumbling out of the restaurant, neither of them are anything even remotely resembling sober. Both have gone much farther than they intended, and both have to lean on the other to be able to keep themselves upright. And, with the alcohol clouding any inhibitions, both are quite happy about that fact, and neither can keep from laughing as they walk along together, just from the sheer joy of it all.

George is having the time of his life, and has started to forget why he keeps holding himself back, where Chibodee is concerned. Right now, he thinks the best course of action is to just go for it, but, just as he turns his head to the side, ready to try and go for a kiss, Chibodee suddenly stops short and lets out a pained cry.

“Fuck, I gotta piss!” he says, and George almost scolds him for ruining the mood like that. But, not only is George too far gone to find the right words for such a lecture, he also realizes, fuck, he has to piss too.

Were he not out of his mind, he would sooner die than allow himself to think of relieving himself in such vulgar terms. Instead, he mumbles, “Mmm…me too, Chibodee, I…”

“Fuck, I gotta piss really bad,” Chibodee continues, and it’s hard to say if he heard George or not. “Less go…less go somewhere over here, yeah?” He is trying to lead the way down a nearby alleyway, and George has no choice but to move along with him, both if he doesn’t want Chibodee to fall and if he does not want to fall himself. Any other time, he wouldn’t want any part in Chibodee’s idea, not even standing guard, but tonight, he is too drunk and too desperate to care.

Together, they stumble forward, while George wonders how he got to this point without realizing a thing. How could he have been this bursting, and only noticed when Chibodee said something? He’s never been this drunk before, and never this distracted by his company, either.

Chibodee struggles to get his zipper down, cursing under his breath all the while. He still has one arm around George, which might make things more difficult, but, whatever the case, he manages to free his cock eventually. Judging from the thick stream of piss immediately gushing out of him, the instant he has himself in hand, it was just in the nick of time as well, and George…

Feels a hot, wet something running down one of his legs, soaking through his pants.

Because he’s pissing in them.

Because he’s pissing himself, because he got too distracted again, and wets his pants because he’s too busy watching Chibodee take a piss, listening to his indulgent groans of relief. As the realization dawns on him, all George can do is mumble, “Oh, damn,” as his head lolls further on Chibodee’s shoulder.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

Or! Check my Gundam twitter/bsky @ZappZabi!

