Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics) - Page 4

*075*2018-03-20 15:34

It is a mostly normal day at Acorn Flats when Patsy Smiles first feels an urge to pee. She doesn't waste any time in heading to the bathroom, since she isn't too busy to do so, but when she gets there, she sees that the large bathroom she and the other campers share is out of order. There are other girls nearby looking rather uncomfortable, and she wonders how long this has been going on for.

Clearly it's presenting quite the problem for a lot of them, and without a working bathroom, they're all going to have to suffer for a bit. She just hopes that whatever is wrong gets fixed soon, so that she is able to go, and so that her fellow campers don't have to hold it for too long either. She tried to ignore the urge for the time being, and go back to what she was doing.

That is what pretty much everyone does, but it isn't long before it becomes obvious that they are all struggling with this. She sees other campers and even the scoutmaster struggling, fidgeting, and crossing their legs, and she often feels like doing the same herself. Things are not going well at all, and it's finally decided that they have to wait too long here, and they should do something else about.

And so, everyone loads up in the buses to go pay a visit to Camp Kidney, and see if they are able to use their bathrooms.

Even the bus ride over feels like torture as all the girls are condensed together, having to hold it while watching their fellow campers squirming and struggling to hold it as well, and they each hope that this will be over soon.

However, after they pull up and load out, they can see the remnants of the lemonade drinking contest that the campers here had earlier that day, and that's enough of a sign that things are not looking up for them just yet. The lines for the bathrooms are incredibly long, but the girls don't have much choice now, and they get in line behind the desperate boys. Patsy is starting to worry about whether or not she will make it, but she does her best to keep her composure.

She bites the inside of her lip and squirms, and every time she is able to step forward, she reminds herself that that's a little less that she has to wait. Some of the boys don’t seem to be able to wait it out, however, and sometimes the line she is in gets shorter because they hurry off to use the nearest tree, which really grosses her and her fellow campers out. The boys don’t seem to care, however, and are just relieved. This makes it even more difficult to hold it, and they’ve all been waiting for so long.

That is the state that Patsy is in when she starts to think that she’s going to lose control before she makes it to the front of the line. She’s starting to panic now, and she really doesn’t want to wet herself, but she doesn’t see many other options...unless she follows the example of the boys. As gross as it may seem, she doesn’t know if she can do anything else, she really can’t take it anymore.

Screaming as she breaks out of the line, she begs, “Nobody look at me!” She hurries to a large tree, deciding that this one is good enough, and hikes up her skirt and pulls down her panties so that she can let loose. When she is bold enough to do that, the other girls soon follow suit, until the majority of her camp is surrounding the large tree, emptying their overfull bladders in full view of the others.

The boys are so shocked that they can’t turn away, no matter how often the girls beg them not to watch, but they were all so desperate that they couldn’t help themselves, and can’t stop now. One by one, they all finish, humiliated by their display, but all so relieved that it’s finally over. Patsy has never been so embarrassed in her life, and is glad that they waste no time in hurrying back onto the buses to leave.

All of them hope that this never happens again, and that no one will ever mention it again.

*077*2018-04-04 15:47

There’s no limit to the things that Phineas and Ferb are able to do, and when they decide to have a zoo in their backyard, Isabelle has no doubt that they’ll be able to achieve it, and she isn’t at all surprised when she arrives and their backyard appears much larger than usual, and is exactly the zoo that they said it would be. When Phineas asks her if she wants to be a tour guide, she is eager to agree, wanting to be a part of their latest amazing feat.

She gets to know the route she’s going to go on and the things she has to say about the animals, and is excited to get to do this. When the zoo opens, she’s given her first group to take on a tour, and that is when she first feels the urge to pee. She doesn’t have time for a break before she begins, she doesn’t think, so she decides to shrug it off, hoping that she will be able to hold it until the end of the tour.

As they begin it, things seem to be going just fine, but it isn’t long before the urge begins to grow worse and she isn’t so sure about that. The first animal that she shows to everyone is a polar bear, and already, that makes things more difficult for her. She can’t stand the way the bear splashes around in the water, and she squirms, trying to conceal her desperation while she educates everyone about the animal on display.

She goes to the next stop on the tour, but it’s a display of otters, and that certainly does not make anything easier on her either. There’s just as much splashing, and she has to go so terribly now, just from having to be around this. Still, she tries to keep the tour going and educate everyone, knowing that there will be a bathroom at the end. It’s not like she has any way out between now and then anyway.

The only option is to press on, which she does, ignoring her desperation as much as she can. But so many of the animals she shows live in mostly aquatic habitats and they splash in the water and she bites her lip, her throbbing bladder protesting her closeness to all the water. If she doesn’t relieve herself soon, she knows this is going to end badly for her. She has to try to hold it until the end of the tour, but things are getting so difficult now that she doesn’t even know if she’s going to be able to.

By the time she reaches the halfway point of her tour, she can barely stand still, struggling and squirming as she talks, and her desperation is growing more obvious as she shows more signs. She’s sure that she isn’t doing a good job keeping it a secret now, but what else can she do? If she tries to stand still and not squirm, then she’ll definitely lose control, and wet herself in front of everyone.

Finally, a younger child in her group calls her out on this, and says, “You’re walking and standing funny, do you have to go pee?”

She blushes as some of the other kids giggle, and she considers denying it before finally, she says, “Yes, but I have to wait until the end of the tour to get to the bathroom.”

“Then why don’t you just use that tree over there?” one of the kids teases her, earning more laughter from the other kids, and she blushes even harder.

Deciding to try and play off their joke with another joke, she says, “Well, then, does anyone want to join me?” Of course, she doesn’t mean this seriously, but then a few of the kids agree, some saying that they were about to burst themselves, and they step forward, not hesitating to use the tree, even in front of others.

“I was just kidding!” she tries to assure them, but they’ve already begun, and she is at her limit anyway. And so, she decides to just go with them, rather than risk wetting herself in front of everyone. She hikes up her skirt and pulls down her panties so that she can let loose, and the relief is so overwhelming that it almost outweighs the humiliation of publicly relieving herself.

Even if the others are watching in shock, it’s just so nice to empty her bladder now, and she and the kids who joined her are just glad to be done. But she knows now to take a bathroom break sooner whenever she agrees to do something for Phineas.

*079*2018-04-09 14:34

When Tails finds out about an inventor’s convention, he grows excited, wanting to participate. He signs up and is accepted, and immediately gets to work trying to come up with something good to bring. Finally, the idea that he settles on is something that he thinks is both practical and convenient, that a lot of people will be able to find quite the use for. He decides to make a shrinkable toilet with self-contained plumbing that one can carry around without difficulty, and then have it grow to its actual size so that they can use it. He hopes that it will be useful in travel, particularly for people who don’t like to use public bathrooms.

He works hard to finish it, and on the day of the convention, he’s feeling pretty confident. He sits down to watch the other people show off their inventions, as his number is pretty late in the list. However, it’s while he is watching the others that he first realizes that his bladder is starting to fill, and he grows nervous, squirming in his seat, and wondering how long it will be before it’s his turn. He doesn’t want to be gone and miss his turn, so he doesn’t want to try to sneak out to the bathroom.

So he decides to try to ignore the urge, and then, after his demonstration, he’ll be free to go out to the bathroom. As long as he can hold it until then, there will be no problem. Tails just has to endure the time between now and then, and he’ll be okay, but that’s easier said than done. He hasn’t visited a bathroom in a while, which means that his urge is steadily growing worse, and there isn’t anything he can do to stop his bladder from filling so rapidly.

He squirms in his seat, unable to completely pay attention to the other demonstrations, just counting down until it is his turn. He isn’t sure now if he’s going to be able to hold it, but he hopes that he is able to, because he really doesn’t want to miss his turn. He tries harder to suppress the urge, to keep his desperation to himself and keep his bladder in check.

He doesn’t want to wet himself but he doesn’t want to miss his turn, and he grows more frantic, not knowing what to do in this situation. Time ticks by and the situation gets worse, but finally, it gets to be his turn, and he’s glad that he’ll be out of the situation soon. All he has to do is get through his presentation, and then it’s all over.

But when he stands, he finds that the pressure on his bladder was greater than he realized, and he’s trembling as he walks up to present his invention. He thought that he was almost home free, but now he’s so nervous that he isn’t sure if he’s going to be able to make it until the end.

While he begins to talk about his invention, his desperation continues to try to get the better of him, making it difficult for him to stand still and difficult for him to speak in an even tone of voice. He’s showing more and more signs to the audience, and it’s humiliating, but all he can think about is how badly he has to go, and how he feels close to losing control.

He pulls out the toilet and uses the button to return it to normal size, but his bladder protests even more and he isn’t sure he’s going to make it. In fact, he’s pretty sure that he’s going to wet himself in the middle of his demonstration. He knows that that would be the absolute worst possible outcome, and so, he suddenly blurts out, “Now I will test it out.”

And he does, with a huge sigh of release.

The audience is shocked at his somewhat shameless behavior, but he can’t even bring himself to care about that right now. All he cares about is being able to empty his bladder after waiting for so long, though once he turns around to face them, he realizes that he needs to come up with an excuse.

“That was, uh, on purpose,” he says. “I made sure I had to go before I did the demonstration, so that I could really show off how useful it is!”

Fortunately for him, they accept this, and even more fortunately, the judges are so impressed that he wins. It was a lucky break for him, despite how embarrassing it was, but he knows in the future to be more careful before things like this.

*081*2018-04-13 20:35

Rocky always drinks coffee before he starts his morning bus route, in order to make sure that he is able to stay awake during the morning. The caffeine definitely helps him get through the day, but there is one morning that he is pretty tired, having been up late the night before. Therefore, he needs to drink more coffee than usual, and hurries to start his bus route, not thinking about the fact that he’s had so much more coffee than he’s used to.

At first, he doesn’t notice any issue, but then, he starts to feel the urge to pee during the route. He’s only done a couple stops, but it’s already getting pretty bad, the coffee quickly working its way through his system like a diuretic would, and he’s still got quite a while before he’ll be able to stop. That means that he’s going to have to deal with his full bladder for a long time, and he hopes that it isn’t too much of a bother.

Squirming in his seat, he tries to focus on the road and not think about the throbbing that’s starting to set up in his lower abdomen, not wanting to panic about it or anything. The more he panics, the worse it will get, he knows, so he needs to just keep calm and not worry about it for now. After all, there’s nothing he can do about it right now, so it’s better to try to ignore it until there’s a chance for him to go.

But time is dragging on, and he isn’t doing so well. In fact, no matter how hard he tries to fight it, he knows that it’s likely going to be too much for him to handle.

Still, there’s not much he can do about that now, and he continues to try to fight it. His signs are getting more and more noticeable, and as he squirms, he fears that the kids in the bus will start to notice the problem. More than anything, he wants to keep anyone from figuring out how desperate he is, but it isn’t long before that wish goes unfulfilled.

“Are...you alright?” asks Gumball, and he groans.

“I have to pee pretty badly,” he admits, knowing that there’s no point in hiding it if they’re already this close to having him figured out.

Gumball giggles in response, and says, “You know you should always go before a long trip, right?”

Blushing, he says, “I had a lot to drink before I left, alright?” The whole bus gets a good laugh out of that one, and he tries to ignore them, tries to ignore everything. There can’t be that much longer, can there? But things continue to get worse and worse, and knowing that he’s being watched now doesn’t help matters at all. He really doesn’t think he’s going to make it, and it’s when he knows that he has another half hour to wait that he finally can’t take it anymore.

And he says as much, blurting out, “I can’t this! Can anyone help me? Anyone got a bottle or something?” He’s too close to losing control to even have shame anymore.

The girls groan in disgust, while Gumball grins and says, “What’s in it for us?”

“I’ve got twenty dollars in my pocket, if you help me you can have it,” he says, truly desperate at this point.

Gumball decides to take this offer, taking a bottle and heading to the front of the bus. There is an awkward pause as Rocky tries to figure things out before Gumball says, “So, uh, need help aiming as well? Cos that’s gonna cost extra.”

Seeing no other option, he says, “Fine, take the whole fifty dollars in my pocket, just, please!” So Gumball does help him, letting him know when he’s good to go. When Rocky finally lets go, he lets out a huge sigh of relief, having held back for far too long. The rest of the kids in the bus all yell, “Ew,” disgusted by this, but Gumball doesn’t care, considering he’s gotten a free fifty dollars out of this.

Once the bottle is full and Rocky is empty, Gumball caps the bottle and returns to his seat. There, Darwin says, “I can’t believe you just did that.”

“Hey, free pizza for the next couple days.”

Rocky, meanwhile, will have to deal with this humiliation for a while, and has learned his lesson about paying more attention to how much he drinks before long drives.

*083*2018-04-26 01:08

While Goten is flying with Trunks after a tournament, he finds it becomes harder and harder to ignore the throbbing in his bladder. He’s been trying to pretend he doesn’t have to go for a while now, but it’s getting to a point where he can’t ignore it anymore, because it’s getting so bad. His bladder is really full, and he wants to stop, but he doesn’t know if he should say anything or not.

He squirms in discomfort, trying to keep it subtle so that Trunks doesn’t notice, but it’s really getting difficult for him to do that and he wonders how much more he’ll be able to take. Eventually, it becomes too hard to conceal as he slows down, and finally Trunks asks him if he’s okay, since there’s no denying that there’s a problem now.

Since he can’t hide it anymore, he admits, “I have to pee really bad,” but the only response he gets is, “Then hold it.” He probably should have been more detailed about just how bad it is, but he does try to keep holding it, at least for now. He hopes that he’ll be able to hold it for long enough, but he isn’t sure if he’ll be able to or not.

In fact, things only get worse from there on out, and he isn’t even able to try to hide his signs anymore. Trunks can tell that it’s getting worse for his friend, but there isn’t anything he can do to make the trip go faster either. He tries to reassure him by saying, “We’re almost there.” He hopes that Goten is able to hold it a little bit longer, but from the way he’s squirming constantly and occasionally grabbing at himself, that’s looking less and less likely.

But what other option do they have right now? They’re over the ocean now, which means that they can’t just stop and take a break anywhere they want. In fact, being over the water is only making things worse, and being over the ocean makes holding it nearly impossible for Goten. The reassurance from Trunks really doesn’t do much for him at all, and he’s sure that he’s going to lose control soon, which he doesn’t want to do. But he’s been holding it for so long that he just knows that he isn’t going to make it, no matter how close they may be now.

It’s getting to the point that it’s ridiculous, and finally, Trunks decides to do something about it. Getting closer to Goten, he says, “Why don’t you just go right here? The ocean is below us, after all?”

“In front of you? No way!” he protests, and Trunks gets closer, suddenly surprising him by yanking down his pants, and even going so far as to aim him. This is such a shock to Goten that he isn’t able to stop himself from leaking, and he’s held it for too long that he’s barely able to stop it.

“Why did you do that?!” he protests.

“It was the only way to shut you up and get it over with,” Trunks replies.

With no other option than to do things like this, Goten says, “Oh, yeah? Then why don’t you join me?” With that, he does the same to Trunks, and, as weird as it they, both aim each other and let loose, sighing relief.

There’s still something incredibly humiliating about the situation, but being in it together makes it easier, and it’s much better than wetting himself, which Goten knew he was only moments away from doing. All in all, this was probably the best outcome.

*085*2018-05-16 16:54

A/N: Another one where the prompt was based on a canon scene, that diverges for the purpose of the story.

One day, when Beast Boy goes to the bathroom and finds it occupied, he groans to himself. He really waited a little to long this time, and he really has to go right now. He didn’t think about there being someone else inside, but now that he knows there is, he hopes that it won’t be very long. He really needs to go, after all, and he squirms in place as he knocks.

“Come on, let me in, I gotta go!” he cries

Inside, Starfire is trying to deal with her little “zit” problem and, because she cannot get it to go away, she doesn’t want to open the door. Normally, she would be able to let him in and wait her turn to resume, but she really doesn’t want anyone to see her like this until she has it taken care of. So she simply replies, “Just a moment,” and he groans again.

“I don’t know if I can wait that long,” he mumbles under his breath, grabbing himself and squirming and dancing around as his full bladder throbs and protests. It’s getting so bad already, and he really doesn’t know if he can wait that long, especially since he doesn’t know how long this is going to take her.

Nervously, he squirms in place, crossing and uncrossing his legs, but nothing helps. No matter how he dances or fidgets, and no matter how he grabs himself, he knows that it isn’t going to help all that much at all. His bladder aches so much that he can hardly stand it, and he bites the inside of his cheek, trying to look around to try and take his mind off of things. However, that only ends up making it even worse for him.

First, he catches sight of Cyborg in the kitchen, filling up a glass of water from the sink and then downing it. Sweating, he quickly looks away, but that is not much better either. Robin is watering a plant, whistling happily as he does so, and the sight of that water pouring out nearly causing Beast Boy to spring another leak.

Hurriedly, he looks out the window, but that proves to be the worst of all, because Raven is outside, using a waterfall she brought with her powers, to water her own garden. Tightening his grip on himself, Beast Boy feels like he could cry now, and like he could lose control at any moment. He really won’t be able to hold it for much longer, and looking around does nothing to help distract him, so he clothes his eyes instead, and begins working his way through the alphabet. A simple tactic, but one that he hopes will work for him.

But then he reaches the letter “P”, and, as if his body is responding to him, he springs a leak and nearly panics, crying out in his desperation. Though he manages to stop the leak before it goes too far, it’s only barely, and he knows that he’s definitely going to wet himself in the next few minutes if he doesn’t do something about this.

He’s panicked and not quite thinking straight, and he notices that Robin has finished watering the nearby plants. In his panic, he makes the split second decision to water them himself, and hurries over, getting himself free from his costume just in time to let loose in the pot. He was only seconds away from soaking himself, and he lets out a sigh of relief, feeling so good now that he doesn’t care that he’s relieving himself in the middle of the hallway, where anyone could see him.

That is when Starfire emerges, saying, “It’s all yours, Beast Boy.” In his surprise, he turns around, as she cries out, “Beast Boy, what are you doing?!”

Not only does he expose himself to her when he turns around, but he also starts to pee on the floor as he stammers, “S-Star, it’s not what it looks like!” Realizing that she can see it all, and that he’s making a mess, he hurriedly turns back around to finish his business in the plant, and takes his time zipping up before he faces her, both of them blushing furiously.

“I-I’m sorry, I just really couldn’t wait anymore…” he mumbles, and then she pulls him into a hug, hoping to make him feel better.

“No, I am sorry. I was going as fast as I could.”

*093*2019-02-04 19:19

It’s just another typical day in the office for Retsuko, another day just like any other. And, much like most days, about an hour or so after her lunch break, she gets the urge to pee. So, just like any other day, she gets up to go to the bathroom, something she doesn’t often have trouble with.

But today is a busy day, and just as soon as she’s stood up, there’s a pile of paperwork put on her desk. Before she has a chance to protest, she’s told to get it all done right away, as quickly as possible. Knowing that bargaining for a bathroom break will be useless, she has no choice but to ignore the light ache in her bladder, and hope she can power through this quickly.

However, as she sets in on the work, she already knows that this is going to take her several hours. Though she isn’t too bad off yet, it’s only a matter of time before her bladder becomes something she can’t ignore, and still, all she can do is dig into her work and hope for the best. Perhaps she’ll have the chance to take a break when no one’s paying attention, when she’s already close to done.

Time passes slowly, and the work goes slowly, and it becomes harder and harder to focus as her bladder grows more full and begins to throb. She squirms in her seat, the pile of paperwork never seeming to get any smaller despite the dent she’s sure she must have made in it by now. Retsuko knows that it’s going to be a struggle to hold it until the end, but she bites her lip and tries to think only about her word, not about the way her bladder aches for relief.

The day continues to drag on, until everyone else begins to finish their work and clock out. She knows that now would be the best time to sneak out for a break, however, with how fiercely she was threatened to get her work done quickly, she realizes now that that won’t be a possibility. Even if the office is mostly empty, even if it clears out, who is to say there won’t be someone left behind to make sure she does as she’s told. Perhaps Komiya; she wouldn’t put something like that past him.

With no one else around, it is at least easier to not have to hide the signs of her desperation, and she does not sit still as works, finally reaching the halfway point in the pile of paperwork. However, halfway does not mean much, and she knows that there’s no way she’s going to be able to make it to the end of this stack without wetting herself. With no option for a bathroom break, but no one else in the room to see what she might do, she knows that she only has one choice to avoid wetting herself.

So, as much as she hates to do it, she begins looking around for something she can use without leaving the room. Her frantic search leads to her finding an empty water bottle in the trash can, a rather sizeable one, and she’s sure that it will do the trick. Hiding behind her desk as much as she can, she prays that no one comes back in as she hikes up her skirt and moves her panties out of the way, positioning the bottle to catch her stream.

With a sigh of relief, she lets go just in the nick of time, but then, she hears the door open, and knows that her desperate prayers went ignored. She tries to stop, but she finds that she can’t, her bladder pushed to its limits, and she hears the voice of Haida saying, “Can’t believe I forgot my-”

“Don’t come over here!” she warns, even knowing how suspicious that sounds.

“Huh? Retsuko? Is something wrong? What’s that…” He trails off as he comes closer, until he can suddenly see, very clearly, what she’s doing. He starts to stammer, blushing as he asks, “Wh-what are you doing?”

“Just don’t look at me!” she begs, and she is glad, at least, that he turns around, and heads for the door. However, he doesn’t leave the room, standing close to the door until her stream trickles to a stop.

“You, uh...finished up?” he asks awkwardly.

“I...yeah, I am,” she replies. She realizes now that he was staying at the door to guard her, and she feels grateful, even if she’s mortified that he caught her like this. “Please...can you never mention this again?”

“Sure thing,” he agrees. “Hey, I mean, work gets tough, so I understand. I’ll, uh, see you around.”

And with that, he leaves her to dispose of the evidence and get back to her mountain of work.

*095*2019-02-05 16:06

When Carmelita is planning to capture Sly in the act, she decides to set up a stakeout somewhere that she is certain he is going to strike. This way, she knows that she will be able to catch him, and normally, this would not be a very difficult task for her. However, it is not long into her stakeout that she first feels a twinge from her bladder, and she wonders how she could make such a rookie mistake. She forgot to relieve herself right before she began, and though she hasn’t had anything to drink recently, it’s also been a couple hours since she last visited the bathroom. She is hiding near a tree, and she tries to hold still as the urge sets in.

There is nothing she can do but wait it out, not wanting to leave and miss her chance at this stake out, but she also doesn’t have anything she can discreetly use, not without getting out of her hiding place. No matter how she looks at it, she’s just going to have to buckle down and hold it, hoping that it doesn’t get much worse before Sly shows up and gives her the chance to catch him. She waits patiently at first, used to long stakeouts and knowing how crucial patience is, but time seems to drag on as she waits for her target to finally show up. Her bladder does not make the wait any easier on her, and what started as a tiny nuisance, just a little inconvenience, steadily begins to grow into something more, until she is unable to ignore her bladder, or even push it out of her mind for a moment. Carmelita knows that she’s in bad shape, and that if he shows up, she might not even be able to go after him if her bladder is too full. 

She squirms in place, unable to hold still as the pressure becomes nearly unbearable, and she bites her lip, wondering how much longer it will be, or if she will be in any shape to actually do anything. It’s not looking good, and she’s starting to realize that she’s going to have to do something about this before he gets here, or else the whole stakeout, including her torturous holding, will all have been for nothing. The nearby tree is starting to look more and more tempting, and she is seriously considering using it. The more she thinks about it and the more time passes, the more her bladder throbs, demanding her attention relentlessly, the more tempting the idea becomes. She knows that she won’t be able to accomplish anything in this state, as she feels like even the slightest jostle would cause her to lose complete control.

She decides that she needs to do it now, rather than wait a second longer, and go as fast as possible, so she can get back into position to wait for Sly. As she gets up against the tree, and strips from the waist down, she hopes to herself that she is going fast enough, that Sly doesn’t show up and see her like this. But then, she reaches her limit not a moment too soon, letting go with a sigh of relief, and with her eyes closed, she does not even see her fears come to pass. “Carmelita? Didn’t expect to see you here,” says the voice of the very man she was trying to apprehend. In surprise, her eyes fly open and she turns around to face him, completely exposed and still spraying urine.

In fact, as she growls at him, she realizes that she is absolutely soaking him with her urine. Humiliation washes over her as it sinks in exactly what is happening. He seems just as shocked as she is, standing there frozen, allowing himself to be sprayed until there is nothing left. Not even her extreme relief after holding it for so long can outweigh the humiliation. She blushes as she hurriedly pulls up her pants and grabs her handcuffs, declaring, “You’re under arrest, and you’re gonna be in a lot more trouble if you ever speak of this again!” Of course, she knows that this is something neither of them will ever be able to forget.

*097*2019-02-11 18:47

Lincoln and Clyde have been preparing for the gaming tournament at the mall for some time now, and are both excited for the big day. For weeks, they’ve been practicing, and now that the day has come, they both get into it, their practice paying off. In fact, the first few rounds are a breeze for them; however, it goes on for quite some time and that leads to some complications.

Mainly, when they’re about halfway through the rounds, Lincoln begins to feel the first urge to pee, and it isn’t hard for him to tell that Clyde has found himself in the same situation. Neither one of them realized that it would go on for this long, and though they both went to the bathroom before leaving for the mall, it still drags on for so long that they find they have to hide their urge from those around them. From time to time, one of them will cross their legs reflexively, but other than that, they do what they can to keep it hidden.

Finally, after what feels like an eternity of having to hold it, the competition enters into its final round, and the two know that they have to give it their all to win. Their full bladders take away from their focus a little bit, but still they refuse to lose. After coming this far, if they lose now, then everything they’ve done, even having to hold it while struggling, will have been for nothing.

And so, neither allow themselves to lose, pushing it until the very end, and they’re fortunate enough to claim their victory. By now, they’re showing more visible signs, neither one able to stand still as they get their prizes, and it’s probably obvious to the spectators and competitors that they’re squirming because of how badly they need to pee.

So, while they could have taken more time to soak in their victory and gloat, both waste no time in hurrying off, leaving the competition behind them to look for the bathrooms. But once they get there, they see that the entrances to both bathrooms are blocked off, with “out of order signs”; both boys groan upon seeing this, knowing that that takes away their only immediate option for relief.

Both are absolutely bursting at this point, and they head outside, not sure where they can go now, but knowing that just standing around isn’t going to do them any good. They settle on going behind a tree, hoping they aren’t too out in the open, but it is only then that Lincoln’s two oldest sisters, Lori and Leni, happen to pass by, on their way to the mall.

“What are you guys doing?” asks Lori.

Both blush, and Lincoln replies, “Nothing,” trying to hide his desperation, but it is then that he notices both of his sisters are fidgeting quite a bit.

“Well, see you guys later,” she says. “We’re hitting the bathrooms and then we’re hitting the stores.”

“Sorry, but the bathrooms in the mall are out of order right now,” he replies.

Leni gasps and says, “But we’ve really gotta go, we had so much tea earlier!”

Finally giving away what they were up to, Lincoln jokes, “You could just go on the tree with us.”

Realizing what’s going on, both girls say, “Eww!” in unison, but their disgust lingers for only a moment. Knowing they don’t have much time left, both consider it, and when Lori is just barely able to stop herself from leaking, she makes the decision for them, and Leni goes along with it.

“Maybe we should...but you better not tell anyone!” she declares, and while Lincoln is shocked, Clyde seems close to fainting. But there are more important things to worry about, and he manages to keep his composure enough. All four of them are out their limits, and so they all do what they can to get their clothes out of the way, while giving the other three as much privacy as they can.

The girls are blushing hard, having exposed themselves so immediately, but this is the easiest option, and so all four of them let go with relieved sighs. In fact, the time it takes for all of them to empty their bladders takes quite a while, adding to their humiliation, and by the time they’ve got their clothes back in place, they still can’t meet one another’s eyes.

Lori finally looks to her younger brother and his friend and says, “Don’t ever even mention this,” something that they are eager to agree to, before she and Leni are on their way.

*099*2019-02-12 16:47

When Phineas and Ferb open up their lemonade stand franchise, Isabella is eager to help them out and work at one of the locations. While she’s there, she gets the benefit of free lemonade, and since it’s hot out, she drinks quite a bit of it. In fact, she drinks so much and so quickly that she doesn’t notice her need to pee building up until it’s already to the point that it hits her suddenly and severely.

Their stand is somewhat out of the way, in order to attract more customers that might not have passed by other stands, being in a location where lemonade stands don’t typically pop up, but that means that she has a bit of a walk before she actually reaches a bathroom. The closest place that she can think of is the boys’ house, and, knowing that she needs to go soon, before it gets too bad, she immediately heads off.

Her bladder grows more and more full by the second, and it isn’t long before even walking is a bit of a struggle for her. She has the urge to squeeze her thighs together, just to stop from wetting herself, and she stumbles at times. Already, it is hard for her to hold it while she walks, and then, to make matters worse, she happens to walk past a group of kids using water to keep cool in the heat.

They’re running to and fro underneath a sprinkler, while shooting at each other with water guns, and the sight and sound of all the water is nearly enough to make her lose control right then and there. With no regard for her dignity, she presses a hand against the front of her skirt from time to time, just to keep herself from leaking. She is sure that anyone could tell from how funny she’s walking that she is absolutely bursting, but she just wants to do what she can to make sure that she doesn’t wet herself, regardless of what that might entail.

Biting her lip, she struggles on, and just barely manages to regain her composure before she comes upon the house she’s been looking for. Phineas and Ferb are working outside at their own stand, and she tries not to think too hard about the lemonade as she makes her approach.

“Can I use your bathroom?” she asks. “I may have had too much lemonade.”

“Sorry, but it’s kind of out of order right now,” Phineas replies. “I had to use some pieces from our toilets to build some things.” There are a lot of things about that statement that she wants to question, such as why it was necessary, how he’s planning on getting away with that, and the general logistics of such a thing, but she’s reaching a critical point, her knees buckling, and she doesn’t think she’s going to make it if she has to wait much longer.

Seeing her desperation, Phineas says, “What about Buford’s house? He’s close, isn’t he?”

She groans, knowing that she won’t make it even there, and she is so overcome with desperation and her desire to not wet herself that she makes a very rash decision. Spotting an empty pitcher on their table, she snatches it, saying, “I’m borrowing this!” before hurrying off.

She runs to their backyard and behind the tree, not paying attention to anything else in her surroundings, and hikes up her skirt and pulls her panties to the side, just in time to let go into the pitcher. She gives a huge sigh of relief as her powerful stream fills the pitcher, and with her eyes closed, she has no idea that she isn’t as concealed by the tree as she thought she was, and that the boys, as well as those in line for their stand, can see what she’s doing quite plainly.

“Oh man, so much better,” she says, as she finishes, but then, she opens her eyes and sees several eyes on her. Her faces goes red as she realizes what’s happened, and she discards the pitcher, breaking into a run. It’s easily the most humiliating moment of her life, and she would do anything to be able to forget it.

