Recess Shennanigans (A Recess Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-02-01 17:05

A/N: A commission told in three parts, here is the first one.

It’s a troublesome situation for everyone involved when the bathrooms on the playground are closed for a few days. Anyone who has to go to the bathroom during recess is forced to use the one in the Ashleys’ clubhouse, but since those girls have that small bit of power, they find themselves tempted to take advantage of it. Naturally, that temptation is too much for them to resist, and so they begin charging a fee, not allowing anyone to use their bathroom until they pay it.

They reason this by saying that if the fee is too much, then whoever is unlucky enough to need to use their bathroom can wait until they go back into school later. Naturally, this causes quite a few desperate situations, and no one is able to resist paying up when the time comes. No one, that is, who can actually afford it, but two unfortunate friends find themselves in equally unfortunate situations, both without any money left to their names for that day.

Their guy friends are in just as much of a pickle and unable to help them out with paying, though they don’t have to worry, seeing as they can just go behind trees. Neither TJ nor Mikey nor Vince nor Gus has any sort of problem, but Spinelli and Gretchen are not so lucky one afternoon.

Both of them should have known better, and it’s really no surprise that they ended up like this, but they just weren’t thinking when they did what got them into this situation. Spinelli had taken a bet at lunch, unable to resist a challenge, and tried to drink a large amount of water to beat some record or other; only now does she realize that whoever had started that bet probably intended it this way, for her to end up desperate and forced to hold or pay the fee.

On the other hand, Gretchen had been working on an experiment, modifying water in a way to try and contain as many nutrients as possible while keeping it as flavorless as possible, or something to that degree, though her friends really weren’t sure what she meant when she tried to explain it. The point is, it had the unfortunate side effect of going through her body and settling in her bladder very quickly, leaving her just as desperate and out of luck as Spinelli. The two of them were likely not going to be able to make it through this recess without going to the bathroom, but the Ashleys would not have sympathy on their plight.

Now, they are both nearly at their breaking points, pushed close to wetting themselves, and naturally, neither are happy about it, though Spinelli is a bit more outspoken about it. Or, rather, more demanding.

“We’ve gotta get into the school,” she says. “It’s the only way.”

“But we can’t go in there!” Gretchen protests, shifting her weight from foot to foot while she speaks. “We’re not allowed to go back in the school until recess is over, and we’ve got ten more minutes!”

“Well, I can’t wait ten more minutes! Do you think you can?” Spinelli has her thighs squeezed together, and definitely looks like she’s only minutes away from losing it completely.

“Well, no, but…”

“So we have to get in before it’s too late!”

“But how are we going to do that?” asks Gretchen, because she has a very good point. The children are guarded pretty strictly in terms of getting off the playground and going in the school, which means that the two desperate girls would have a very rough time trying to pull something like that off.

“The doors aren’t locked,” replies Spinelli. “All we have to do is make sure that no one sees us until we get to them. And for that to happen, we need a distraction!” Her eyes fall to her male friends, and even with her bursting bladder putting a strain on everything she does, she is still able to strongarm TJ into coming up with a plan for them to create a distraction, allowing the two of them to sneak into the school.

Spinelli doesn’t seem to care to listen to all the details of the plan, instead getting Gretchen ready to sneak off the playground with her. When the first sign of the plan begins, she drags her friend to the fence, while the other girl quietly complains that she’s making it harder to hold it. And it’s true that it’s difficult to keep their bladders in check at a time like this, meaning that they have to go a bit slower, sacrificing some of their time.

But they make it out of the fence without being caught and begin sneaking along the side of the building, heading for the nearest door. Trembling with her need, it is all Spinelli can do to keep her steps even, and she looks back again, making sure that there’s no chance of them being spotted before she opens the door, ushering Gretchen in first before following her.

Once they are inside, they both heave sighs of relief at having not been caught, but that doesn’t mean that their battle is over, and now they have to finish the walk down the hall to reach the bathrooms. It’s a short walk, but their bladders have nearly been pushed past their limits, and each step they take has to be careful. Gretchen pauses for a moment, letting out a soft squeak as she feels herself leak, and Spinelli has to convince her to keep going, or else it’s only going to be worse for her.

While she is trying to get Gretchen to keep going, she shoves a hand between her legs, feeling herself spring a brief leak. They’re both just barely going to make it, but they can’t stop now. Trembling, Gretchen takes a few steps forward, hesitant until she’s going again, and Spinelli follows her, wincing as each step creates a fresh pang in her bladder. Finally, they reach the door of the bathroom, and she shoves it open, the two girls hobbling inside.

Gretchen has to pause again, mumbling, “I’m not gonna make it,” as she leaks again, leaving a large stain on her panties, but Spinelli will hear none of it.

“We’re already in here, it’s just a few more steps!” she says, doubled over as she staggers forward. As much as she wants to make sure her friend is okay, she can’t afford to wait much longer herself. Fortunately, her words seem to spur Gretchen into movement, and the taller girl takes the remaining few steps into a stall.

She is just barely able to get her dress up and her panties down before she starts to lose complete control, making it in the nick of time with only slightly damp panties as a result. The sound of her letting go makes it harder for Spinelli to maintain control to the last second, and she spurts a few times while she’s getting out of her own clothes, leaving a sizeable wet patch on her own panties.

The two of them just barely make it, but they do make it, though they’re left with the uncomfortable cold, damp panties for the rest of the day as a result, and they have to worry about sneaking back onto the playground. All the while, Spinelli can only think about getting revenge for being put in a situation like this.

*002*2017-02-07 14:54

The revenge plot that Spinelli comes up with requires a wait of a few days. She wants to put the Ashleys in the same sort of boat that her and Gretchen were in, by forcing them into being desperate and having to take drastic measures in order to take care of that. In order to do that, they would have to target their clubhouse, but she wants to wait until after the bathrooms on the playground are fixed. That way, no one else is harmed by this, and they can give the mean girls a chance to potentially redeem themselves.

Of course, there’s no telling whether they’ll go with their potential redemption or if they’ll choose to continue to suffer, and Spinelli has reached the point where she does not care what happens either way, just as long as the Ashleys get a taste of their own medicine for once. After all, the way they took advantage of their position was completely unfair, and after being put in the position she was, she’s absolutely dying for her revenge.

Once again, it’s going to involve some distraction and some sneaking, but it will be easier for her this time because she can sneak on her own, needing only herself to pull that part of the mission off. All she has to do is a find a way to infiltrate their clubhouse, and then she can do what needs to be done, and for that to happen, she needs to have them out and completely distracted.

Putting her friends up to the task, they work out their own plans, which she trusts them with while she gets into position. It shouldn’t take too long to get things worked out, and then she can work on phase two of her plan, getting everything sorted out to make the girls just as miserable as she had been.

The plan is put into motion, and it appears to be going off without a hitch, giving Spinelli the perfect opening she needs to get in and quickly do what needs to be done. The Ashleys’ bathroom is as spotless as she would have expected, but this cleanliness is not going to last for long. Spinelli begins shoving toilet paper into the toilet, and then begins cramming entire rolls in, attempting to flush and watching the strain. In no time at all, she has it so clogged that she knows it will take quite a lot of time to fix.

That day, the remaining time at recess is not enough to put the full plan into motion, but it is enough to give her the satisfaction of seeing the way the Ashleys freak out over their clubhouse, and the next day, things will really start to get interesting. The next day at lunch, Spinelli will enter into the next phase of the plan.

~X~

For this part, she needed a little help from Gretchen but it wasn’t hard to get. The modified water that she had been testing the day of the incident; Spinelli swaps this with the water the girls are drinking, guaranteeing that they will be made very desperate, very quickly. From that point on, she just has to watch and wait as her revenge begins to unfold.

The Ashleys don’t notice anything strange about their water, and are all very put out that their clubhouse bathroom hasn’t been fixed yet. They were all certain that, with the right amount of money, anything could be accomplished when they needed it, but things just hadn’t worked out that way, and it wouldn’t be able to be fixed until over the weekend.

However, none of them really see this as a serious problem. After all, they all very rarely use that bathroom during recess anyway, and they don’t think it’s incredibly likely that they will need to in the time between now and then. Of course, none of them have any idea what’s in store for them.

It isn’t long after they go outside that they start to feel the slight urge to pee, but they ignore it, going into their clubhouse. All four of them want to pretend that they don’t feel anything, but it doesn’t take long for the effects to get really serious. Ashley Q. is the first to show any visible signs of desperation, wincing suddenly and squeezing her thighs together as the pressure begins to grow.

“Is something bothering you?” asks Ashley A., though it’s easy for her to tell what’s on her friend’s mind, considering her own bladder is beginning to trouble her as well. She’d rather call attention to one of her friends than have attention called to her.

“Nothing,” the other girl quickly lies, but it’s not a very convincing lie, and it won’t be long before the others are visibly suffering just as much. She squirms a bit more, and soon enough, Ashley T. has joined her, biting her own lip and jiggling her knees. No one has admitted to what the problem is yet, but everyone already knows; there’s no way that they’re going to make it through recess, not like this.

Ashley B. is the first one to officially bring it up, however. “The playground bathrooms are fixed now,” she says. “Do you think...maybe we should use them?”

At first, the other girls brush off her suggestion, all pretending that they don’t need to go that badly, that it isn’t worth stooping that low. However, their resistance does not last for long as their bladders continue to demand relief. Eventually, they have to admit that they’re in quite the desperate situation, and that they won’t be able to sit around for the remainder of recess, trying to hold it when they know they can’t. Anything will be better than being forced to wet themselves, and so they finally decide to go outside of their clubhouse.

However, little do they know, this is only the beginning of Spinelli’s revenge plan, and things are only going to get more complicated for them. Not knowing this, they make their way toward the playground bathrooms, not walking too quickly, not wanting to jostle their bladders too much. Completely clueless regarding what waits for them upon their arrival.

*004*2017-02-09 21:20

When the Ashleys make it to the playground bathroom, they find the door blocked by Spinelli, who is backed up by a few other girls. She gives them a smug look and says, “Where do you think you’re going?”

“Where does it look like?” Ashley A. shoots back, using her rudeness to cover up how embarrassing this is for her and her friends.

“After you made all of us pay to use your bathroom when ours was messed up, you think just cos yours is messed up, we’ll let you in ours for free?” asks Spinelli. “That’s just not fair at all!”

“But...but this isn’t just your bathroom!” Ashley Q. interjects. “This is for the whole playground, for the whole school! The one in our clubhouse is private property, so you’re the ones being unfair.” The other girls nod, but Spinelli and her followers are not at all convinced by this.

“Doesn’t really change the fact that everyone is really frustrated about that,” says Spinelli with a shrug and an easy grin. For a moment, the Ashleys give a tentative glance to the boys’ bathroom, but it is being guarded by a group of boys, Spinelli’s friends included, barring any sort of entrance.

Hesitating, as if trying to weigh their options, the girls consider this, but twinges from their bladders remind them that they don’t really have much of a choice on this matter. Finally, Ashley A. composes herself and says, “Alright, how much do you want to let us in there? I’m sure we can afford it.” She and her friends have a good laugh at that.

“You have to pay back everyone who paid you to use your bathroom,” replies Spinelli.

“Wh- but you never used it! You never paid!” Ashley B. protests.

“So? I still felt bad for everyone who had to. And that’s why I’m helping everyone get back at you,” she says, not making any mention of how close she came to wetting herself and how this is as much for her as it is for anyone else.

“How do we know who all to pay back?”

“Don’t worry, we’ve got that all worked out. So have someone go get the money, and we’ll get everyone that we need you to pay back lined up.”

“This is ridiculous!” cries Ashley A.

Ashley T., meanwhile, is squeezing her thighs together with tears pricking at her eyes. “Can we do it after?”

“Why? Afraid you won’t make it long enough?” teases Spinelli.

“It’s going to take a long time!” she protests.

“Well, then, you better hurry up,” is all that is said in response. It is decided that Ashley A. will go to get the money, and Ashley T. is stuck barely able to move, her bladder is demanding relief to the point that she is frozen in place. And though she struggles against it, she is pushed to the point where she has to jam a hand between her legs, squirming and whimpering, and before Ashley A. even returns, it is too late for her.

Her knees buckle and she lets out a cry of distress and shame, her bladder failing her and emptying right in front of everyone. The warm liquid runs down her legs, puddling on the ground, and the other two Ashleys jump back to avoid her, making disgusted faces despite the fact that they will soon be in the very same boat if this doesn’t go quickly.

When it’s over, she bursts into tears, running off to their clubhouse to hide, and she passes Ashley A. on the way, returning with the money. It isn’t hard for her to figure out what happened in her absence, and the other kids are still laughing when she makes it back to them. A sizeable line has formed, and she realizes that this is going to take even longer to get through than she thought, and after seeing that one of her friends has already wet herself, she finds herself getting nervous.

Ashley Q. is the next to start getting truly worried, as her bladder adamantly demands relief, but they are not even halfway through the line before she has her hands jammed between her legs, bouncing in place and praying that they’ll get through this soon. She isn’t going to make it, she knows, but she does her best, trying to hold back as they make their way through the line of people waiting to get their money back.

It seems that they’re going slow on purpose, wanting the show of it, and when she feels herself losing control, she whimpers, trying to stop it even though she knows she can’t, it’s too late now. And then she starts to wet herself in front of everyone, the second of the girls to lose control like that.

“Having a little trouble?” Spinelli taunts. “Only two of you left.”

“Just keep the line moving,” Ashley A. snaps, while Ashley Q. also flees for the privacy of their clubhouse. She crosses her legs where she stands, and Ashley B. squirms desperately behind her. However, the kids in line really seem to take their time, moving through as slowly as possible. Ashley A. can feel herself starting to panic, especially when she feels herself leak. She knows that she has to make it a little bit longer, but it’s getting harder and harder to hold it, especially after seeing two of her friends fail.

Her hands shake as she distributes the money, and Ashley B. stands behind her, quietly urging her to hurry, muttering, “Please, I’m not...I can’t hold it anymore, I’m not gonna make it!”

But, no matter how she tries, there is nothing she can do to speed things up, and Ashley B. soon breaks into a run, trying to hide her humiliation and wetting herself all the while, not letting this slow down her run. Ashley A. is the only one left, and she crosses her legs tighter. Just a few more kids to get through, and even if her friends failed, she doesn’t want to also humiliate herself in such a manner.

As if to let her know that they all want to watch her wet herself, the children she’s handing out money to drag it out even more than before, and no amount of urging can get them to go any faster. Spinelli covers her mouth with a hand, snickering, and Ashley A. knows that she is absolutely doomed. The last sound she makes before her bladder gives in is one small, pathetic whimper, and then the floodgates release while she’s still in the process of handing the money to the last kid.

She is forced to stand there in her humiliation, warm liquid running down her legs in full view of everyone, while the children surrounding her have a very good laugh at her expense. Just as her other friends did, she is quick to turn and run, their laughter following her all the while.

While Spinelli watches her run, she can’t help but feel victorious, and hopes that maybe next time, they might think before they do something like that. Maybe this time they’ll learn their lesson for good.

