Updated Commission Information

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2020-07-29 17:51

Since it's been about a year since I made a thread for this, and I've had some changes since then, here's a new thread for my commissions.

I do most of my writing info on twitter, so if you follow me there, you can see when I post new stuff, when I open new slots, have commission sales, etc. I write a whole lot more than just omo, but obviously, omo is a big passion of mine. I also have a pixivfanbox, where 150yen a month (closest I could get to 1USD when dealing with fluctuating conversion rates) gets you early access to content, the ability to vote on stuff, etcetc, and there are higher tiers where you can get a commission each month for a lower price than usual.

Without further ado, here is the tweet where I link my commission info, my fanbox info, and other relevant stuff. Any time I host a sale with a theme, any omorashi fics that fit that theme are definitely welcome to the sale, so check out the sales and slots I have going on there.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedid="embed6910220996" scrolling="no" style="height:745px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://twitter.com/WattStalf/status/1286290701228158977?s=20" Currently, I have one slot left in my sibcon sale, which ends on July 31st, have a few monthly slots left, and will be opening next week's slots either later today or tomorrow. DM here, there, or email me if you're interested! And feel free to follow me on twitter, again, for info about sales, slots, new fics, streams, prompt openings, and all that jazz! I guess I'll bump this thread when I have significant sales or when my slots reopen after being closed or something.

*001*2020-08-21 16:35

Bumping because I have one slot open for next week, three slots open for the month, and some sale slots open. Current sales are anything involving a girl from Durarara!!, Baccano!, Vamp!, or Etsusa Bridge, and anything involving mother-child incest. Check out my twitter for all the details

*002*2020-09-12 19:33

This bump is because I'm specifically having a sale centered around omorashi and/or watersports!

%https://twitter.com/WattStalf/status/1304847289949843458?s=20

*003*2020-12-02 22:08

Haven't bumped in a hot minute, but I have two slots open for next week, so feel free to hit me up.

*004*2020-12-12 20:14

I have one last normal slot left open for commissions this year, minimum 1k, maximum 6k. I also have some slots open for character birthdays in December and January. I know it says max 5k on the post, but someone got the other slot for 4k so it's max 6k rn.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedid="embed1986825197" scrolling="no" style="height:637px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://twitter.com/WattStalf/status/1337828616114110464?s=19"


