Nonstop floods (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-24 12:43

A/N: The theme of this commission is "everyone can't stop peeing and gets trapped in the bathroom" so consider yourself warned for the hyper content

Chapter 1:

Chapter Text With an island like Pasio, absolutely crawling with trainers at all times, with any location having the potential to be overcrowded at any sort of time, it goes without saying that the bathrooms are massive, with plenty of stalls. Sometimes, it feels easy to get lost in the large buildings, with the maze like rows of stalls. It can even seem unnecessary to have so many toilets at times, when one is alone in the cavernous bathroom, but every trainer on Pasio, at least once, will likely encounter a bathroom where they have to wait for a stall to become available.

There are also a lot of unfortunate incidents on Pasio, regarding people not being able to make it to a bathroom on time. More often than not, this has absolutely nothing to do with there being a lack of available stalls, or, if it is because every stall is full, there is almost always some sort of other factor at play. From incidents where multiple trainers suddenly lose control of their bladders with no warning, to Pokemon attacks that have caused bladders to repeatedly fill without end, and just about everything else in between, one can never be too careful when regarding their bladder on Pasio. At the very least, if one wants to keep their underwear dry, then it pays to be more cautious than they might be back home.

That is exactly what both Acerola and Hapu intend to do, one fateful day when the two of them decide to train together. Both of them have been at it for a little while, and they aren’t too far away from a bathroom when the both of them start to feel a more noticeable urge to go at around the same time. Acerola is the one to bring it up, saying, “Hey, I kind of need to pee. The bathroom isn’t too far, so I’ll be right back!”

“Actually, I’ll come with you,” Hapu replies, falling into step beside her. “I could use a bathroom break myself.”

“Well, I won’t say no to the company!” Acerola jokes, as the two of them make the short trek to the bathroom. She has to admit, she did not feel much of a warning before this, but she also would not call this that extreme of an urge all the same. Though it’s a bit more than what she would expect from her first indication that she needed to pee, she is still confident she can make it, and can realistically accept that she might have just been distracted.

The fact that it is only a short walk to the bathroom definitely relieves any worries that she might have had. If she had a long way to go, there might be something to worry about, but she will be able to take care of it quickly and get back to training without the break even taking up that much time. That is what she is certain of, and Hapu is more or less thinking along the same lines. The two of them are completely relaxed, despite the growing need to pee that they both have.

It does not take long for them to realize that it might not be quite as easy as they think it will be. The bathroom is actually quite crowded, though neither of them were expecting that. Hapu and Acerola begin searching through the first row of stalls for any sort of opening, while still attempting to keep an eye on their bladders. Things are pretty loud in here as well, with a lot of groaning sounds coming from the various girls and women. Neither of them know what that is about, completely unaware of what has been going on with so many trainers today.

~X~

In one stall, Cynthia moans in a mixture of relief and agony, not sure what is going on with her body. The need to pee had come on so suddenly while she was training, an urgent kick to the bladder that saw her rushing to the bathroom. At the time, she had felt on the verge of wetting herself, but now, even after being here for several minutes, she does not feel like she is making any progress. There is absolutely no sign of relief coming. Instead, all she feels is her bladder continuing to fill, to the point where it starts to ache painfully.

"What's going on?" she asks herself, trying to figure out how she got into this situation. All she remembers is having a very sudden need to pee, and that she needed to get to a bathroom immediately. She had assumed it was just because she drank too much water while training, and forgot to go when she should have. However, if that were true, she would already be on her way back by now, but instead she is still sitting here, unable to truly find relief.

The instant she had sat down on the toilet, she had begun peeing with full force, her bursting bladder letting loose. At first, it had felt good, like she was getting relief, but then, it just kept going. Her stream had not shown any sign of stopping, and she began to grow concerned as it went on. But as time wore on, she just kept going, until she reached fifteen minutes, and still had not stopped. Her bladder feels completely full, but she has no idea what it could possibly mean. It is only now that she starts to hear other girls around her moaning as well, and realizes that she must not be alone in this strange state.

But why is it happening? What is going on to cause so many people to have problems with their bladders today, and for the problems to be so extreme? The questions do nothing but make her more and more confused, and she continues to wait in vain for her stream to slow, or even stop entirely, but it shows no signs of ending, and Cynthia is beginning to wonder if she will ever be able to stand up again.

~X~

Hapu and Acerola continue searching the stalls, finding that there are many who are already locked and occupied, and plenty of others who seem to have been waiting for some time, based on how many times they hear moans from a new person sitting down. As they look further and further, they can't help but notice that this must be a problem throughout all of Pasio, something that is affecting every trainer who tries to use the bathroom today.

"What could possibly be happening?" asks Acerola. "This has never happened before...I can't even find an empty stall, and none of these girls are done yet..."

"I have no idea," replies Hapu. Their conversation goes quiet, as they listen to more of the voices coming from the stalls, and what these girls and women are saying.

"What the hell is wrong with me?"

"How am I still peeing after all this time?"

"When is it going to stop?"

"I can't believe this is happening to me..."

"My stomach feels like it's going to burst."

"It hurts, but...it also kind of feels good...?"

The two girls continue listening to the chatter going on, as they make their way through the rows of stalls. The longer they walk, the more concerned they become, though the fact that their bladders continue to grow heavier with each step only makes matters worse. They can't help but think that they might have waited a little bit too long to come here. There is no denying that things are strange around the bathroom right now, and no matter how many times they glance down to see how much further they need to walk, it seems like they do not get any closer to an open stall.

~X~

Bea has strong muscles, and thought she was capable of holding it much longer. Now, she is not sure if she would have been, but at the time, she had only chosen to go to the bathroom because it was close by, not because she felt desperate. However, as soon as she had sat down and began to pee, she realized that there was something different about it. She did not feel relief right away, even though her stream seemed to go on for quite a while, and it didn't seem like it was slowing down any time soon.

Now, Bea finds herself in agony, as her body seems determined to piss more than she ever has before. It feels good to relieve herself, but the longer it goes on, the more she is convinced that something is very wrong. How could she possibly be able to go so long without showing any sign of stopping? This was meant to be a quick trip to the bathroom, and she definitely needs to get back to training as quickly as possible. But what is she supposed to do when she can't stop peeing?

She had already been sitting on the toilet for well over ten minutes, and she knows that there are other girls around her who have been in a similar situation. At first, she had tried to ignore it, but now, it feels impossible to ignore anything else. As she listens to the moans from the stalls around her, she starts to wonder if they feel the same way that she does. Could she actually be feeling pleasure from this? The thought mortifies her, but she can't deny that the noises coming from the stalls around her sound...arousing.

It seems like she will have plenty more time left in this stall to think about that, at least.

~X~

If this is what they have to look forward to, both Hapu and Acerola really want to find empty stalls now. If they are going to be peeing for a long time once they start, just like the others in this bathroom, then they definitely don't want that to end up being on themselves. And if they're stuck in that position for a while, it would be nice to do it at a toilet, rather than just peeing on the floor until they are able to leave. It seems like their search is going to take much longer than they were expecting, but neither of them are willing to give up yet.

There is still no sign of any open stalls, but as they listen to all of the moaning from around the bathroom, they also hear some voices that stand out from the rest, a pair of familiar ones, in side by side stalls.

~X~

"It's still coming out, Selene," Lillie whines, talking to her girlfriend in the stall next to hers. She is sitting on a toilet, having locked herself away the instant she felt that sudden urge. Even after several minutes, she still does not feel any sort of relief, and has only found herself getting more desperate. But despite that desperation, she can't seem to let go, and it does not take long for her to realize that something strange must be going on.

"I know," Selene replies, sighing in frustration. "It just keeps going...how much longer do you think this will take?"

"I don't know, but I hope it ends soon! My bladder hurts..."

"Mine too," Selene says. "I don't know how much longer I'm going to keep peeing, but it still feels so full..."

She has never had a problem like this before, and she can't help but wonder if it is happening to anyone else on Pasio today. There are others around her who have been complaining about not being able to stop as well, so that must be the case. The fact that it happened so suddenly makes her think that something else must be going on. All she knows for sure is that her bladder continues to ache, and her stream shows no sign of stopping.

~X~

"This really isn't looking good," Acerola says, a nervous smile on her face. She is struggling to walk at this point, doing all she can to keep herself from wetting her panties right then and there. It seems impossible that she would actually make it, but she also refuses to give up hope completely. If she gives in now, she will end up having to pee on herself, which is an absolute last resort. She and Hapu have heard all the different stories from the other trainers around them, and know that something strange is happening, but neither of them know what could possibly cause this.

"It's not," replies Hapu, shaking her head. "I don't want to pee myself...that would be terrible, especially in these conditions."

"Don't say that!" Acerola protests, even though she was thinking the same thing. "We're going to make it, I promise! We just need to keep looking a little bit longer..."

However, despite her insistence that they will make it, even Acerola is beginning to lose hope. Though they are determined to keep searching, neither of them can seem to find any open stalls, and there does not seem to be any sign of this situation ending anytime soon. The two of them feel absolutely desperate, with their bladders full and aching, and their hands constantly shifting to hold themselves through their dresses, in case they start leaking by accident. They try to hurry as much as possible, wanting to get to an empty stall before it's too late, but the more they search, the harder it becomes.

This is no doubt made worse by the cacophony in the bathroom, the gushing and pouring of emptying bladders into toilets, accompanied by the moans and groans of the overwhelmed trainers who have become stuck in this situation. The sounds surround them, making it impossible for Hapu and Acerola to ignore their own growing desperation, or the fact that they are almost certainly going to end up peeing themselves. Neither of them wants that, but it seems like neither of them has a choice in the matter.

As the seconds tick by and they continue to fail to find an open stall, the girls begin to lose hope, and finally accept that they are doomed. They can't keep searching forever, and the longer they wait, the worse it becomes. In another minute, they might not even be able to keep moving forward without losing control completely, and that would mean wetting themselves here and now. Neither of them want to admit that, but it is the truth that both of them must face.

Acerola insists on continuing, but the two of them know that they will not last much longer. Their legs tremble underneath them as they continue looking, and neither of them are willing to say out loud what they already know: they are absolutely doomed, and that they are going to wet themselves in this bathroom, regardless of what happens. There is no more hope left for the girls, who should have know better by now than to try and fight this. It has been difficult for anyone to truly hold it while on Pasio, but today seems to be the worst day yet for anyone trying to use the toilet.

And there is nothing either Acerola or Hapu can do about it, aside from accept their fate, which is exactly what they start doing right then and there. They have only a few seconds left before their bladders give out, and they are forced to let go of everything that they tried so hard to hold back. Hapu gives in first, her bladder aching too much for her to handle anymore, and she lets out a sigh of defeat, allowing her bladder to completely relax. Almost immediately after that, Acerola does the same, deciding that she cannot possibly fight against this any longer.

Neither one of them wants to pee themselves like this, but their bodies have reached their limits, and they can no longer deny what is happening. With a sigh, both girls simply stop fighting against it, and allow their bladders to empty. The two streams begin pouring into their panties at almost the exact same time, warm urine running down their legs and soaking through their clothing

"I'm sorry," Hapu murmurs, "it just hurts too much..."

"It's okay," Acerola replies, a little out of breath. "I wish we could have held on a little longer..."

The two of them stand together as they continue to soak their underwear and dresses, the warm piss flowing over their thighs and down to their knees, until it pools under their feet, dripping from their socks. Even though they were desperate to avoid this, it feels pretty good to let it all out like this, especially after having held it for so long. Though neither of them wanted to lose control, it feels nice to give up their control in the end, even if it is only relieving the pain in their bladders.

However, it is not long before both are gripped by the same problem that everyone else in this bathroom is- the flow just won't come to an end, and their bladders just keep filling right back up, never able to empty. They realize that they will probably be stuck here for an indeterminable amount of time, and that their relief was short lived, as now they need to pee more than ever, and do not know how long it will be before they are able to get any real relief.

But there is nothing left for them to do but wait, as they listen to the sounds of other girls relieving themselves around them. This is going to be a very long day for them, and the only thing they can do is hope that something happens to break the cycle soon enough. Or, at the very least, that they will be able to get access to a toilet eventually. Even if their clothes are already soaked, it would be nice to have something to contain the never ending flow of urine.

Chapter 2:

Within the stalls, the torment still continues, with nobody showing any signs of being able to leave any time soon. While Hapu and Acerola are just a few of those suffering while waiting for a turn in the bathroom, those in the stalls are as great a number, and suffering just as much, even with their access to toilets. It is nothing but agony for everyone involved, with no end in sight.

For instance, Klara has felt hopeless for quite some time now, complaining loudly as another wave of desperation hits her, just as she finishes emptying her bladder for the umpteenth time.

"How much longer do I have to stay in here?!" she whines to anyone who will listen. "This is so boring! I have better things to do than to sit here and pee all day long! I want to get back to training, I want to get back to my fans, I don't have time for this!" Her stream starts up again, a powerful torrent that seems to have no end in sight. "This is awful! I can't take it anymore! Why me?! Why does this have to happen to me?!"

" She groans, the constant cycle of relief and renewed agony wearing on her last nerve.

In the stall next to her, her friend and rival, Marnie, is far quieter, but just as miserable. She doesn't complain aloud, but her sharp, pained gasps every few moments tell their own story. The relentless gushing from beneath her is a constant, rhythmic counterpoint to Klara's theatrical despair. Each time she thinks, This has to be it, I must be empty now, a fresh, cramping ache blooms in her lower belly, and the floodgates open once more. The brief respite between cycles is shrinking, the moments of almost-emptiness now fleeting wisps before the tide comes rushing back in. She leans her forehead against the cool metal of the stall door, the vibration from Klara's frantic kicking barely registering. All she can focus on is the impossible, biological betrayal happening inside her. Her Morpeko, usually a source of chaotic energy, is unusually subdued at her side, its small body trembling in sync with her own.

"It's...happening again," Marnie whispers, more to herself than to anyone. The words are barely audible over the din of the bathroom, a small confession of defeat. Klara, meanwhile, continues to make a fuss.

"At this rate, my skin will prune," she whines, her usual dramatic flair laced with a genuine hint of panic. "My fans won't want to see me like this! It's a disaster!"

Marnie, in contrast, flinches at the noise, curling in on herself. The continuous flow from her own body is a silent, monotonous river, and Klara's outbursts are jagged rocks disrupting its current. Each shriek makes Marnie's bladder cramp anew, a phantom pain compounding the real one. She pulls her legs up tighter, her knuckles white where she grips her knees.

"Can't you just...be quiet?" Marnie finally manages, her voice a strained rasp.

"Quiet? How can I be quiet when I'm a prisoner in this porcelain hell?" Klara's retort is instant and shrill. "This is an outrage! An affront to show business! Someone is going to pay for this, you mark my words! As soon as I can stop...you know...I'm going to find whoever did this and give them a piece of my mind!"

"Who's gonna listen?" Marnie mutters, so low it's almost lost in the ambient sounds of the bathroom. Her stream intensifies with a fresh, agonizing jolt, and she squeezes her eyes shut. "Everyone's in the same...same mess." The idea of confronting a culprit is absurd. The problem isn't a person; it's a curse, a biological malfunction that has seeped into the very air of Pasio.

But Klara, of course, doesn't see it that way. "Of course they'll listen! I'm a star! This is a major inconvenience to my adoring public. They need me! They're probably so worried sick right now, wondering where their beautiful Klara has gone." She gestures wildly, even though no one can see her. "Meanwhile, I'm stuck in here, wasting away, my talent literally going down the drain!"

The words "going down the drain" hang in the air between them, a horribly apt description of their shared reality. Marnie shudders, another wave of desperation coming over her as she is forced to pee again. She hates it, hates this complete lack of control. Klara is worried about her career, her image. Marnie is worried about the simple, terrifying possibility that this might never, ever stop.

~X~

Jasmine was already peeing herself by the time she managed to sit down on the toilet, soaking her panties through. At some point, she managed to get them off, not that she would be sparing them any further damage, but she is still unable to get up. As if wetting herself weren't bad enough, now, she is stuck in this stall, peeing uncontrollably, always starting back up any time that she thinks she has stopped.

She sighs, feeling so weak, so powerless, as her body continues to betray her. A part of her wonders if this is some sort of punishment, a cruel twist of fate for some unknown transgression. Jasmine tries to focus on something else, anything else, but the sound of her own stream is a constant, inescapable reminder of her predicament. She can feel the warmth spreading between her legs, the slight tremor in her thighs as her muscles work to expel the endless torrent.

She reaches down and touches her belly, which feels strangely tight and swollen. It's as if her bladder is a bottomless pit, an insatiable void demanding more and more. She closes her eyes, trying to imagine herself somewhere else, anywhere else. She thinks of her Ampharos, its gentle light illuminating the lighthouse in Olivine City. She thinks of the calm, rhythmic crash of waves against the shore. She tries to lose herself in the memory, to find a sliver of peace in the midst of this overwhelming chaos.

The cycle continues. Relief, followed by a fresh wave of desperation. Relief, followed by another. It's a maddening rhythm, a cruel joke played on her body. She can feel tears welling up in her eyes, but she blinks them back. Crying won't solve anything. It won't make this stop. She has to be strong, to endure. But how much more can she take?

She hears a faint whimper from the stall next to hers. It's a small, vulnerable sound, a stark contrast to the loud, theatrical complaints of some of the other girls. Jasmine feels a pang of sympathy. She's not alone in this. They're all trapped together, caught in this bizarre, unending nightmare. She takes a deep breath, trying to steady herself. She's a gym leader. she's faced down powerful Pokemon and determined trainers. Jasmine can get through this. She has to.

But even as she thinks this, another wave of urgency washes over her, and her stream begins anew with renewed force. Jasmine lets out a soft, involuntary moan, the sound a mix of pain and a strange, unwelcome relief. She leans her head against the stall wall, her body trembling.

"It hurts," she whines, rubbing her stomach. "Why won't it stop? It's starting to feel so heavy...so tight..."

Her bladder aches constantly now, a dull, throbbing pain that's always there, even in the brief moments between streams. She feels like a balloon, being inflated and deflated over and over again, her skin stretching to its limit and wonders how much more it can take before it bursts. The thought is terrifying, a primal fear that sends a shiver down her spine. She tries to distract herself again, thinking of her Pokemon, of her gym, of the challenges she's overcome. But the pain is a constant, nagging presence, a reminder of her own fragility. She's used to being in control, to commanding powerful creatures with a steady hand and a calm demeanor. Now, she's powerless, a prisoner of her own rebellious body.

The whimper from the next stall comes again, a little louder this time. It's followed by a soft sob. Jasmine feels a surge of protectiveness, a desire to reach out, to offer some comfort. She wants to tell the other girl that it's going to be okay, that they'll get through this together. But how can she make such a promise? How can she offer hope when she's clinging to it by a thread herself?

Instead, she just sits there, in the quiet solitude of her stall, and listens. She listens to the sounds of the bathroom, the chorus of moans and groans, the endless gushing of water. She listens to the sounds of her own body, the relentless rhythm of her bladder, the constant, inescapable reminder of her predicament. She's no longer just Jasmine, the gym leader of Olivine City. She's just another girl, trapped in a stall, peeing uncontrollably, her bladder refilling faster than she can empty it, just another victim of this strange, inexplicable curse.

~X~

"Ladies aaand gentlemens! It's time for the Iono Zone!"

"Are you kidding me right now?" Penny mutters, upon hearing the cheerful voice from the next stall. "She's actually streaming this right now?" She presses her forehead against the cool metal, groaning not just from the agonizing pressure in her bladder, but from the sheer cringe of it all.

"That's right, my little viewers! Your super electric streamer is LIVE from a...very unexpected location!" Iono's voice booms, artificially bright and crackling with energy that seems impossible given the circumstances. Penny can hear her shifting, the fabric of her neon-green skirt rustling. "As you can see, we are in a super mysterious bathroom stall! And let me tell you, the main event is... well, it's a nonstop waterfall, if you know what I mean! Super soggy!"

She lets out a giggle that quickly dissolves into a pained groan. "Oof. Okay, my bladder is doing a major Water Pulse right now. This is not a bit, chat. We're calling it...The Endless Stream! What do you think? Smash that like button if you're also feeling the trickle down terror!"

Penny just shakes her head in disbelief. "This is insane. This has to be the most unhinged thing I have ever witnessed." She tries to block out the noise, but the sheer audacity of it commands her attention. Her own stream gushes into the toilet below, a continuous, monotonous sound that she has long since given up fighting. She can feel the muscles in her lower abdomen clenching painfully, only to release again as another wave of pressure builds from within. It's a cycle of agony, and Iono's running commentary is making her head throb.

"Alright, chat, the donations are coming in hot! Uh... 'HydrationStation500' says 'Hope you have a spare change of clothes!' Thanks, HydrationStation! My outfit is definitely in the splash zone right now! Super soaked!" Iono's voice wavers as a particularly strong cramp hits her, her usual confident tone cracking into a whimper. "Ungh...okay, that one was a Hydro Pump. For real. I think my PP might be infinite, here!"

She pauses, the sound of her own pee echoing loudly in her microphone. "See this? This is dedication to the content! Iono does not quit! Even when...ooooh...even when my bladder feels like it's about to evolve into a Gyarados and burst out of me!" Her giggle is strained. "Penny, if you're listening, you have got to get in on this! Think of the engagement! The analytics would be off the charts!"

"Engagement?" Penny grumbles, tucking her knees up to her chest. "The only thing I'm engaged in is a losing battle with my own urinary tract. My analytics are currently reporting a 100% chance of wet pants and a 100% chance of public humiliation." She feels another sharp pang as her bladder, yet again, decides it isn't even close to empty. The sensation is maddening, a promise of relief that is always, always snatched away. She lets out a long, shuddering groan, not caring if Iono hears.

"Ooh! I heard that! That was a good one! A little groany, a little moany! Very dramatic!" Iono says, her cheerful persona plastered firmly back in place. "See, Penny? You're a natural! Let's get a little audience participation going, chat! What's the weirdest sound you've made while stuck on the toilet for an hour? Put your answers in the chat!"

"An hour...has it really been an hour?" Penny whispers to herself, the thought sending a fresh wave of despair through her. Somehow, it both feels like an eternity, and like things are still just getting started.

~X~

"Oh, not again," Rosa whines, her head falling back against the tank of the toilet. The reprieve had lasted maybe thirty seconds this time, a blissful, deceptive lull in the storm before her bladder cramped with a ferocity that made her gasp. The deluge starts anew, a forceful spray that seems determined to empty her very soul. The sound is loud in the cramped space, a constant, rushing waterfall that was beginning to feel like the only soundtrack to her life.

Her companion in misery offers a soft, musical whimper in response. Perched on the very same toilet as her trainer, her tiny legs splayed to avoid slipping into the bowl, was her Meloetta. The Mythical Pokemon's usually graceful form is hunched over, her green, flowing hair matted A stream of her own trickles continuously from her small body, splashing into the water below, mirroring Rosa's plight perfectly.

"It's okay, little one," Rosa murmurs, her voice strained. She reaches out a trembling hand to stroke Meloetta's head. The usually vibrant music that emanated from the Pokemon was replaced by a low, discordant hum, a clear expression of her discomfort and confusion. "I don't get it either. I really, really don't."

Rosa had thought it was a bizarre coincidence at first. She had rushed into the stall, her Meloetta zipping in behind her, both hit by the same inexplicable, sudden, and agonizing need to urinate. She had sat down, her Pokemon landing delicately on her lap, and they had both sighed in a unified, immense relief. But then the relief just... kept going. And going. And going. And the realization that Meloetta was trapped in the same humiliating loop as she was had sent a fresh wave of panic through Rosa. This wasn't just some weird human thing. It was something else entirely, a phenomenon that had ensnared her Pokemon as well.

Another cramp seizes Rosa's lower belly, and she doubles over with a guttural groan. Her stream strengthens, her bladder aching with the phantom weight of more fluid than her body should possibly hold. She glances down at her Pokemon. Meloetta's small body is shivering, her own stream showing no signs of stopping. The sight of her normally elegant friend in such a state makes a fresh wave of tears prick at Rosa's eyes.

"We'll get out of this," Rosa says, trying to inject a confidence into her voice that she absolutely does not feel. "We have to. Maybe... maybe if we think of a really, really happy song?" she suggests, grasping at straws. Meloetta looks up at her, her large, expressive eyes filled with a pain that mirrors Rosa's own. The discordant hum from the Pokemon falters for a moment, replaced by a few faint, warbling notes of a familiar, cheerful tune, but the notes are quickly swallowed by another pained whimper as the relentless pressure inside her intensifies again.

The attempt at music is a bust. The melody is broken, lost amidst the overwhelming discomfort and the constant, unending flow. Rosa sighs, slumping against the side of the stall. The sounds from the other stalls- a cacophony of groans, whimpers, and the occasional, bewildered shout- offer no comfort. They are a miserable chorus, a testament to a shared, inescapable fate. She and her Meloetta are just two small voices in a sea of suffering, their private little toilet symphony adding to the overwhelming noise of the bathroom. Rosa closes her eyes, wishing for silence, for stillness, for a moment where she and her partner weren't being betrayed by their own bodies. But the only response she gets is the unceasing sound of water, and the renewed, painful ache of a bladder that refuses, against all logic, to be empty.

The silence, when it finally comes, is somehow worse than the noise.

Rosa's stream trickles to a stop. Meloetta's does too. For the space of three heartbeats, there is only the distant drip of a faulty tap and the muffled groans from other stalls. A wild, desperate hope flares in Rosa's chest. She sits up straight, her eyes wide, almost afraid to breathe. "Is it... is it over, girl?" she whispers, looking down at her Pokemon.

Meloetta tilts her head, her own large eyes mirroring Rosa's fragile optimism. A single, clear note hangs in the air between them, a question mark in musical form.

Then, a familiar, deep ache begins to bloom low in Rosa's pelvis. It starts as a faint whisper of pressure, a phantom memory of fullness, but it builds with terrifying speed, swelling into a hard, demanding cramp that steals the breath from her lungs. Her bladder, which should have been utterly depleted, feels as if it's being rapidly inflated, stretched taut with a liquid that isn't even there yet.

"No," she chokes out, the word a small, defeated puff of air. "Oh, please, no..."

At the exact same moment, Meloetta whimpers, her small body tensing as the same impossible sensation overwhelms her. The hopeful note she had just sung shatters into a dozen discordant fragments.

And then, as if on a cruel, invisible cue, the twin fountains begin again. Rosa lets out a long, agonized groan, her head falling forward to rest on her knees. Meloetta buries her face in her trainer's stomach, her small body trembling as she, too, is forced to endure another cycle of this bizarre torment. The hope had been a lie, a fleeting moment of respite that only made the return of the pain feel more crushing. They are trapped, caught in a loop with no escape, their shared misery echoing endlessly in the small confines of their stall.

~X~

"I can't believe this," Misty mutters, her voice a low simmer of frustration. "This is not the sort of water sport I want to be involve with!" She shifts on the toilet, the porcelain cool against her skin, a stark contrast to the relentless warmth flooding out of her. Each time the stream slows, a hopeful bubble rises in her chest, only for it to be brutally popped by a deep, internal ache and the sudden, gushing restart of the flow.

"You'd think this would be my element, right?" she continues, talking to herself more than anyone else. "I command torrents. I summon tsunamis. But my own body?" She lets out a huff of air that's half laugh, half groan. Another cramp hits her, sharp and unforgiving, forcing a whimper past her lips. "No, my own body has decided to stage a rebellion and become like a rowdy Gyarados that refuses to listen to its trainer."

She leans forward, her elbows on her knees, trying to find a position that eases the pressure. There isn't one. Her bladder feels like a water balloon being filled by a mischievous Squirtle with an endless supply of Water Gun, the pressure mounting past any logical capacity.

"Oh, for crying out loud," Misty groans, her head thumping lightly against the stall wall. The brief respite is over. The telltale ache is blooming deep within her pelvis, a slow, insidious pressure that builds until it's a sharp, demanding cramp. Her body tenses involuntarily, and then it begins again. The warm gush, the unending stream into the bowl below. It's a release that brings no relief, only the hollow promise of an emptiness that never comes. The relief is a ghost, vanishing the moment she thinks she's grasped it, leaving behind a phantom ache that feels twice as bad.

Her muscles feel like they're in a state of perpetual exhaustion, tensing and relaxing in a rhythm that offers no real rest. Her lower back aches with a dull, persistent throb, a protest against the unnatural strain. Each gush sends a tremor through her thighs, a weakness that makes her feel unsteady even while sitting. The skin on her legs feels clammy, hypersensitive to the slight draft in the stall, a constant reminder of the warmth spreading from between her legs.

"Please, just stop," she whispers, the words swallowed by the sound of her own peeing. The desperation isn't about holding it in anymore; it's about the desperate, frantic need for it to be over. To be empty. To feel a single, clean moment of peace without the threat of another wave. She closes her eyes, trying to focus on her breathing, to find a calm center in the storm of her own body's making.

~X~

At first, it had been a dream. A secret, thrilling fantasy brought to life. "See, Lisia? I told you a little excitement would be good for us," May had whispered, her lips brushing against Lisia's ear. They were wedged together on the single porcelain throne, their legs tangled, bodies pressed close in the cramped space. Lisia, always the performer, had giggled, her bright stage persona momentarily giving way to a more mischievous, private grin.

"Oh, I know, May! But this is better than I ever imagined," she had breathed back, her voice a conspiratorial hush. The initial rush of desperation had been intoxicating, a sweet agony that built and built until it finally broke. The shared warmth had been a point of intimate connection, the simultaneous release a forbidden pleasure they'd only ever dared to talk about in the darkest hours of the night. They had moaned, but not with pain. They had squirmed, but with anticipation. For the first few cycles, it was everything they had ever wanted, a surreal, overwhelming indulgence of their most private desire.

But that was then. Now, the fantasy has curdled into a grueling, unending reality. The thrill is gone, replaced by a bone deep weariness. The sweet ache has become a constant, dull throb, a muscle memory of pain that never truly fades. They are still tangled together on the toilet, still sharing the same shameful, endless release, but the intimacy has transformed into a shared misery.

"It's starting again," May murmurs, her voice devoid of its earlier playful spark. The words are flat, heavy. She doesn't need to look down; she can feel it. The telltale tightening in her lower belly, the impossible way her bladder, which should be cavernously empty, begins to feel full again. She lets her head slump onto Lisia's shoulder, the movement more one of defeat than affection.

Lisia sighs, a long, shuddering sound. She shifts, trying to find a position that eases the mounting pressure, but there is none. "I know," she whispers, her own voice strained. "Me too." The stream starts again, a twin flow that joins in the toilet bowl below, the sound no longer exciting or taboo, but just monotonous. A liquid metronome counting out the seconds of their imprisonment.

Another cramp seizes May, sharp and visceral, and she gasps, her fingers digging into Lisia's thigh."It hurts," she whines, the admission a small defeat. "It actually hurts now." This is the part they never fantasized about. The raw pain, the way their muscles scream in protest, the way their skin feels sensitive from the constant moisture. The novelty has worn so thin it's practically transparent, leaving only the ugly reality of the situation.

"I know, sweetie," Lisia murmurs, stroking May's hair. Her touch is meant to be comforting, but her own hand is trembling. Her stream intensifies, a forceful gush that makes her whimper. "I didn't... I didn't think it would be like this. For this long." The initial excitement has been leached away, replaced by a desperate, gnawing wish for it to just stop. They crave a single, empty moment. A minute where their bodies are their own again, not vessels for this relentless, pointless cycle.

May pulls away slightly, looking at Lisia. The idol's perfect stage makeup is long gone, her face pale and etched with exhaustion. "Are you...are you still enjoying this?" May asks, the question hanging in the air between them, thick with unspoken fear.

Lisia looks at her, and for a moment, the confident facade drops completely, revealing the scared girl underneath. She shakes her head, a small, almost imperceptible movement. "No," she whispers, the word a puff of air. "It's too much. It was fun at first, but...it's just too much now."

~X~

"This is just...embarrassing," Gardenia mutters, her head slumped against the stall door. The wall is cool and smooth against her forehead, a small mercy in the overwhelming warmth and discomfort. She squeezes her eyes shut, trying to conjure an image of her forest, of the damp earth, the scent of pine and decay, the gentle rustle of leaves. Instead, all she can focus on is the relentless, rhythmic sound of her own stream, a constant, gushing torrent that refuses to cease. Her body is a traitor, a vessel for this endless, undignified flow.

Her Roserade is not doing any better. The elegant Pokemon is perched precariously on the edge of the toilet paper dispenser, her floral hands clasped tightly. Instead of the sweet, calming aroma she usually exudes, the air around her is thick with the sharp, sour scent of her own distress. A small, continuous trickle of urine dribbles from beneath her, dripping onto the floor. She lets out a soft, mournful cry, her usually graceful form hunched in on itself with pain.

"I know, girl. I know," Gardenia whispers, her voice hoarse. She tries to offer a comforting smile, but it comes out as a grimace. "This just isn't natural, is it?" She lets out a long, shuddering groan as another wave of pressure builds in her bladder, a fresh, impossible surge of liquid that has no right to be there. Her muscles clench, a reflexive, desperate attempt to hold back the flood, but it's useless. The dam has already broken, and it keeps breaking, over and over again.

She thinks about her Grass type Pokemon, about their connection to the earth, to the gentle ebb and flow of nature. They draw their strength from the soil, from the sun, from the patient, steady rhythm of the seasons. This is the opposite of that. This is chaos, a violation of the natural order. Her body is a river in flood, a force of nature gone wild, untamed, and utterly destructive. She feels a surge of anger, hot and sharp, a rare emotion for the usually cheerful gym leader.

"Whoever is doing this," she growls, her voice low and dangerous, "when I get my hands on them, they're going to wish they'd never been born." She clenches her fists, her nails digging into her palms. The pain is a welcome distraction, a sharp, tangible sensation that cuts through the dull, persistent ache in her bladder. She imagines wrapping her vines around the culprit, squeezing until they pop like a overripe berry. The thought is a dark, satisfying comfort in a sea of misery.

Her Roserade lets out another soft cry, and Gardenia's anger fades, replaced by a wave of sympathy. She reaches out a trembling hand to stroke her Pokemon's head. "It's okay," she murmurs, her voice softening. "We'll get through this. We have to."

~X~

When Shauna had burst into the bathroom, hands between her legs, frantic to get to a stall before she lost control, she had been a little bit excited at how crowded it was. She was the type of girl who thrived on a bit of chaos, a bit of drama. Now, she's not so sure. The endless chorus of groans and splashing is more than she bargained for. It's a wall of sound, a constant, overwhelming reminder of her own predicament.

"This is...a lot," she whispers to herself, her voice barely audible over the din. She's peeing, of course. Shauna has been peeing since she sat down, a steady, uninterrupted stream that shows no signs of stopping. Her bladder aches with a deep, persistent throb, a dull, nagging pain that's always there, even in the brief moments between cycles.

She tries to distract herself, humming a cheerful tune under her breath, but the melody is lost in the cacophony of the bathroom. The pain is a constant, nagging presence, a reminder that she is trapped, a prisoner in this porcelain hell. Finally, Shauna finds herself giving into the same impulse as so many others, to loudly moan and complain about her predicament. She takes a deep breath, ready to let out a dramatic wail, to add her own voice to the chorus of misery.

"Uuuuugh, this is so...boring!" she whines, her words echoing in the small stall. The complaint is a little different from the others, less about the pain and more about the sheer, unending monotony of it all. "It was kind of exciting at first, you know? A big, dramatic emergency! But now? Now it's just...the same thing over and over again. My butt is getting numb!" She shifts on the toilet, trying to find a more comfortable position, but it's useless. The discomfort is a constant, a dull, nagging presence that she can't escape. She lets out another dramatic sigh, a mix of boredom and genuine frustration.

"My poor bladder is so sore," she whines, her voice a mix of theatricality and real discomfort. "It's like a really, really bad song that's stuck on repeat! Can we please, please skip to the next track? I'd even take the instrumental version at this point!" Her stream picks up with renewed force, and she lets out a loud, theatrical groan, a performance for an audience of one. She's tired of the pain, tired of the discomfort, but most of all, she's just tired of the boredom. The endless, monotonous boredom of being stuck on a toilet, peeing uncontrollably, with no end in sight.

~X~

Skyla is fuming. Her arms are crossed tightly over her chest, her brow furrowed in a scowl. She is not a patient woman, and this situation is testing the very limits of her tolerance. She's been in this stall for what feels like an eternity, and her bladder is a constant, throbbing reminder of her predicament.

"I cannot believe this," she grumbles, her voice a low growl. "How can I still have more to pee? This is scientifically impossible!" She shakes her head in disbelief, her mind racing, trying to find a logical explanation for this impossible phenomenon. There isn't one.

"Ungh," she groans, her body tensing as another wave of pressure builds. The pain is sharp, a stabbing sensation that makes her gasp. She grits her teeth, her knuckles white where she's gripping the sides of the toilet. "Come on," she mutters, her voice strained. "Just...get it over with." The stream starts again, a powerful torrent that seems to have no end in sight. She lets out a long, shuddering sigh, a mix of pain and frustration. This is not how she operates. Skyla is a woman of action, a pilot who takes to the skies, who is in control of her own destiny. She is not a passive passenger in her own body's betrayal.

"Unbelievable," she grumbles, her voice a low growl. "This is a violation of the laws of physics! I'm a pilot, I know about fluid dynamics, and this...this is not how it's supposed to work!" She glares down at her own body, as if she could intimidate it into cooperating. "I'm in charge here, not you! You don't get to just...do this! I've flown through storms that were more predictable than this!" She lets out another frustrated groan, her body trembling with a mix of pain and rage. Right now, she feels utterly, completely powerless. It's a feeling she hates more than anything.

"Grounded," she mutters. "I'm literally grounded by my own bladder. This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of." She leans her head back, her eyes closed, trying to find a sliver of peace in the midst of this overwhelming chaos. But the pain is a constant, nagging presence that refuses to be ignored.

~X~

Hapu's legs tremble, a fine, constant shudder running from the soles of her bare feet all the way up to her clenched jaw. She has long ago abandoned any pretense of dignity, sinking to her knees on the cool, tiled floor. Her small hands are pressed hard against the junction of her thighs, the pressure a desperate, futile attempt to hold back the tide. Her breath comes in sharp, ragged bursts, each one a tiny prayer for relief that is never answered. The ache is no longer just an ache; it's a physical presence, a heavy, solid weight lodged deep inside her, a pressure that builds and builds with no release. She can feel her own pulse throbbing against her palms, a frantic, panicked rhythm that matches the frantic, panicked pounding in her head.

"Ugh," she groans, the sound ripped from her throat. "It's...it's too much." She squeezes her eyes shut, tears of sheer effort and pain leaking from the corners. She can feel the muscles inside her spasming, a cruel, teasing contraction that offers the ghost of a release before clamping down even tighter. "Please...please, just a little..." she whimpers, the words barely a whisper. She doesn't even know who she's begging anymore. It doesn't matter, though; no one is listening.

Acerola, leaning against the wall opposite her, is a study in contrasts. Where Hapu is a knot of tightly wound tension, Acerola is like a limp doll. She's stopped dancing or fidgeting; now she just sways slightly, her movements slow and disconnected, as if she's watching herself from a great distance. Her moans are no longer the dramatic, theatrical wails they once were; they are low, guttural, and continuous, a constant, mournful drone that rises and falls with the waves of agony crashing through her.

"My tummy hurts," she whines, her voice thin and reedy. She rubs her stomach in slow, circular motions, the touch doing nothing to soothe the deep, gnawing pain. "It feels so...stretched. Like a big, full balloon that's about to pop." She giggles, a high, unsettling sound that quickly dissolves into a sob. "I don't wanna pop, Hapu. That would be a super messy...super messy way to go..." The words are a jumble of her usual playful speech and a raw, childish fear.

Hapu doesn't have the energy to respond. Another spasm hits her, harder this time, and she cries out, a sharp, strangled gasp. She doubles over, her forehead pressing against the cold tiles. Another rush of urine soaks through her pants, a warm, unwelcome flood that brings a fresh wave of humiliation with its fleeting, phantom relief.

The puddle beneath Acerola begins to grow again as well, the small trickle she had managed to stem returning with renewed, unstoppable force. Neither of them are going to be done wetting themselves any time soon, and with the way the girls still trapped continue to moan, it does not seem like anyone is going to be done with this any time soon. It is never ending, with the only option for anyone being to buckle in and try to ride this out, until somehow, this impossible phenomenon is finally brought to an end. At this point, it feels like it would take a miracle.

Chapter 3:

Not every girl makes it to the bathroom, and some do not even bother trying to go in the first place. Outside of the cavernous bathroom full of girls unable to stop peeing, plenty of trainers are caught up in the same torment. Among them are some who do not even bother concerning themselves with what is going on, some so determined to keep battling that they don't bother with their constantly filling and emptying bladders.

Nemona and Hilda face off against each other. Nemona's legs are crossed tightly, her entire body quivering with the effort of maintaining some semblance of composure. A dark, rapidly spreading patch on her shorts is a blatant testament to her failing battle. She shifts her weight from one foot to the other, a small, involuntary motion that does nothing to stem the warm, steady trickle soaking her clothes. But her eyes, when she can focus them, are burning with a competitive fire that the bizarre affliction can't seem to dampen.

Across the battlefield, Hilda is in a similar state of distress. She's bouncing lightly on the balls of her feet, a desperate, restless dance that's half battle stance, half pee dance. Her own shorts have a wet patch, a dark, damning stain. She grunts, a short, sharp sound of pain as a particularly strong cramp seizes her, but her jaw is set, her expression one of fierce determination.

"This is...ungh...nothing!" Hilda grunts, her face flushing with a mix of exertion and embarrassment. "You think a little...oof...pressure is going to stop me from coming out on top?" She slaps her own thigh, a gesture that's meant to be confident but comes off as slightly frantic. "My bladder and I have an understanding! It gets to do whatever it wants, and I get to keep kicking your butt!"

Nemona lets out a shaky laugh, which quickly turns into a pained moan as another wave of pressure hits her. "That's the spirit, Hilda! That's what I love about you! You're a real battler, through and through!" She clenches her fists, her knuckles white. "My Screamtail is feeling it too, but we're not giving up! Not now, not ever! We're going to see this through to the very...very...wet end!"

On the field, their Pokemon are faring no better. Hilda's Emboar is standing with its legs spread wide, its face a mask of confusion and discomfort. A stream of urine is gushing from beneath it, forming a large, dark puddle on the battlefield. It lets out a low, rumbling groan, its usual fiery bravado completely gone, replaced by a desperate need for relief that it can't seem to find. Every few seconds, a small, involuntary shudder runs through its large body as its bladder, impossibly, begins to feel full again.

Nemona's Screamtail is in a similar state of misery. The Paradox Pokemon is usually a whirlwind of energy, a blur of motion and powerful attacks. Now, it's hunched over, its long, pink tail drooping on the ground. A continuous trickle of urine runs down its legs, its usually vibrant fur dark and matted. It whines, a high, pitiful sound that's a far cry from its usual battle cry. It looks over at its trainer, its large eyes filled with a pleading confusion, as if to ask why this is happening.

"Screamtail, use...use...ungh..." Nemona stammers, her train of thought completely derailed by a fresh, agonizing cramp. She doubles over slightly, her breath hitching in her throat. Her command is weak, laced with pain.

The Screamtail, hearing its trainer's voice, makes a valiant effort. It straightens up, its body trembling with the effort. It tries to gather its energy for the attack, but the overwhelming sensation of its own bladder betraying it is too much. The Pokemon immediately hunches over again, its stream of pee intensifying as it lets out a mournful cry.

Hilda's Emboar, seeing its opponent's distress, tries to capitalize on the opportunity. "Emboar, use Flare Blitz! Let's finish this!" Hilda yells, her voice strained. The Emboar charges forward, a desperate, clumsy movement. Its legs are unsteady, its balance thrown off by the constant stream of urine and the phantom pressure in its own bladder.

The Flare Blitz is less of a blazing comet and more of a drunken stagger. Emboar charges, but its legs, slick with its own urine and trembling with muscle fatigue, give out halfway. It trips over its own feet, tumbling head over heels in a clumsy, undignified heap that skids to a stop just short of Screamtail. The intended fiery explosion dissipates into a sad little puff of soot and a mournful oink. The force of the fall, however, does what the attack could not; it sends a final, massive gush of pee flooding from the Emboar, thoroughly soaking the ground beneath it.

Hilda throws her hands up in exasperation, the motion causing a new, warm wave to spread through the crotch of her own shorts. "Argh! Are you kidding me? Get up, you big lump!" she yells, but there was no real heat in her voice. It is a plea, laced with the same helpless frustration that is currently flooding her system. Another cramp hits her, a sharp, twisting pain that makes her gasp and double over. "Ugh...okay.. okay...new plan..."

Across the field, Nemona is having her own crisis of command. Her own stream, which had slowed to a trickle, starts up again with a vengeance, a fresh, warm flood that makes her knees feel weak. She sways on her feet, crossing and uncrossing her legs in a futile attempt to gain some modicum of control. "It's...it's a lot, isn't it?" she says, her voice softer now, a strange, shared moment of vulnerability between the two battlers. "My bladder feels like a faulty water balloon that someone just won't stop filling."

Hilda nods, gritting her teeth. "Tell me about it. I swear I've peed out my own body weight three times over by now." She straightens up, a fresh wave of determination washing over her, even as another warm gush trickles down her thigh. "But we're not stopping! A real trainer doesn't let a little...bladder leakage...get in the way of a good fight!" She points a trembling finger at Nemona. "We're finishing this, one way or another!"

"Couldn't have said it better myself!" Nemona agrees.

~X~

Liza's breath hitches in a sob, the sound small and pathetic in the cacophony of the bathroom. She closes her eyes, shutting out the sight of her own trembling legs and the small puddle on the floor in front of her, from where she had just barely not made it.

Tate? she projects, her thoughts a desperate, flimsy whisper across their psychic link. She tries to pour all her focus, all her will, into that single mental word, but the insistent, demanding ache from her bladder keeps intruding, a pain that makes it hard to form a coherent thought.

A garbled mess of emotion and feeling comes back, a chaotic jumble of distress and confusion. Liza? I...I can't...it's too much. Tate's mental 'voice' is usually clear and strong, a steady presence in her mind. Now, it's weak, fractured, punctuated by sharp, painful stabs of his own agony.

I know, Liza sends back, her own thought wavering as a fresh wave of pressure builds, a deep, impossible fullness that makes her whimper out loud. It won't stop. It just keeps filling up again.

She presses her forehead against the cool metal of the stall door, trying to ground herself. The relentless, rhythmic sound of her own stream hitting the water in the toilet below is a maddening counterpoint to her mental struggle. It's a constant, physical reminder of their shared predicament, a liquid metronome counting out the seconds of their misery.

Are...are you okay? she manages to send, the question laced with a worry that feels secondary to her own physical suffering.

It's...crowded, Tate sends back, the thought accompanied by a confusing image of men pressed shoulder to shoulder. Really, really crowded. A wave of his own pain washes over her, a sharp, stabbing cramp in her lower belly that mirrors his. Ungh...sorry. I didn't mean to send that. He tries to pull back, to shield her from his distress, but it's no use. The link between them is too strong, their pain too overwhelming to contain.

It's okay, Liza sends back, her own stream intensifying as she's hit by another wave of his discomfort, on top of her own. I get it. It's a lot.

The guys are all just going, Tate's thought comes, a mix of embarrassment and a strange, detached observation. Like, everywhere. There are guys sharing urinals, just standing there, trying to ignore each other. A couple of guys are peeing in the sink. A few of them are just standing in a corner, facing the wall, and letting it go. The image is surreal, a scene of primal need overriding all social convention.

Liza's eyes widen. The sink? she sends back, a flicker of disbelief cutting through her own pain.

Yeah. It's .a free for all, Tate's thought is laced with a sort of horrified awe. But at least we can aim. It's...I don't know, easier? We don't have to sit down. There's a brief pause, punctuated by a shared gasp of pain from both of them as their bladders, in a cruel, synchronized move, begin to feel full again.

I wish I was out there with you, Liza sends, the thought a raw, desperate plea. I don't like this stall. I feel trapped without you. She looks around the small, confined space, the walls feeling like they're closing in on her. The constant, overwhelming sound of peeing from the other stalls is a deafening roar, a reminder that she is not alone in her misery, but it does little to comfort her.

I know, Tate sends back, his thought a warm, comforting presence in her mind, even through the haze of pain. I wish you were here, too. Then we could...I don't know. At least we'd be together.

A small, sad smile touches Liza's lips. She closes her eyes, trying to focus on the warmth of their connection, a small comfort in the midst of this overwhelming, endless misery. Together, they endure, their minds intertwined even as their bodies are trapped in their own private, liquid hells.

Focus, Liza, focus. She presses her palms flat against the stall door, the cool metal a small anchor in a sea of warmth and discomfort. She takes a deep, shuddering breath, trying to center herself, to find the quiet space in her mind where she and Tate usually meet. But the quiet space is gone, filled with the roaring sound of her own stream, the endless groans from the neighboring stalls, and the relentless, pulsing ache that has settled deep in her pelvis.

Tate? she tries again, her mental voice a little stronger this time. I can't...I can't get a clear picture. It's all fuzzy.

His response is a jumble of sensory information, a chaotic mess of sights, sounds, and feelings. There's the sharp, metallic tang of urinal cakes, the sight of a stranger's shivering leg pressed against his own, the overwhelming, almost claustrophobic feeling of being surrounded by other men in the same state of crisis. There's a spike of sharp, stabbing pain as his bladder cramps again, a sensation that echoes in her own body, making her gasp.

Sorry, sorry, Tate's thought comes through, clearer this time, as if he's consciously trying to filter out the noise.

I think I'm getting a pretty good idea, Liza sends back, a wry thought that is immediately undercut by a fresh, warm gush of her own.

The guys are all just...giving up, Tate sends, the thought accompanied by another surreal image of a row of men at the urinals, their heads bowed, their bodies trembling with the effort of staying upright. There's no privacy. There's no...dignity. We're all just...leaking. All the time. A wave of embarrassment washes over him, a feeling that is so familiar and so much a part of their shared consciousness that Liza almost doesn't notice it. But this is different. This is a raw, public humiliation that he's never experienced before.

Liza feels a surge of protectiveness, a fierce, maternal instinct that rises up in her, a stark contrast to her own feelings of helplessness. It's okay, Tate, she sends, her thought a warm, comforting blanket in the midst of their shared misery. I can't wait to see you again.

~X~

Juliana crouches behind a large, mossy rock, her teeth chattering with a combination of cold and sheer, unadulterated agony. Her bladder is a vise, twisting and tightening with a cruelty that defies logic. She presses her thighs together, a desperate, useless gesture against the relentless, warm flood soaking her shorts. It's a constant, unending trickle, a river of shame that has no beginning and no end. Beside her, Ogerpon is in a similar state of misery. The small Pokemon is curled up into a tight ball, her face a confusing jumble of sorrow and pain. A steady stream of urine trickles from beneath her, soaking the mossy ground.

"Okay, okay, think," Juliana mutters to herself, her breath coming in ragged, painful bursts. She reaches into her bag, her fingers fumbling with the familiar, weighted shapes of Ogerpon's other masks. Her mind races, trying to remember the legends, the old stories. Each mask has a power, a specific attribute. The Wellspring Mask...maybe it will help grant Ogerpon more control over liquid, maybe it'll help her not be trapped in this agony.

"It's worth a shot," she whispers, her voice strained. She pulls out the water mask, its cool surface a small comfort against her trembling fingers. "Ogerpon, sweetie," she says, her voice soft, coaxing. "Look at me. Look what I have."

Ogerpon lifts her head, her large, expressive eyes filled with pain. She lets out a small, whimpering cry, her body trembling with a fresh wave of cramps.

"I know it hurts," Juliana says, her own voice breaking as a sharp pain seizes her. "But maybe...maybe this will help. Maybe this one is different." She holds out the Wellspring Mask, a silent offering of hope.

Ogerpon looks at the mask, then back at Juliana. There's a flicker of understanding in her eyes, a glimmer of the mischievous, playful spirit that Juliana knows and loves. She slowly, painfully, uncurls herself from her tight ball. With a trembling hand, she reaches out and takes the mask, her small fingers closing around the familiar straps. For a moment, she just holds it, looking at it as if trying to remember what it's for. Then, with a determined grunt, she lifts it to her face.

The moment the smooth, cool porcelain of the Wellspring Mask settles against Ogerpon's face, the world changes. The constant, agonizing trickle that has been tormenting her stops. For one, glorious, heart stopping second, there is nothing but blessed relief. A profound silence, both in her body and in the small clearing.

Then, the dam breaks.

It is not a stream. It is not a flood. It is a geyser of epic proportions, a force of nature erupting from the tiny Pokemon with a violence that steals the breath. A torrent of urine, far greater in volume than her small body should ever be able to contain, blasts from her. The sound is no longer a trickle or a tinkle; it is a high pressure roar, like a fire hose being uncapped. The force of it lifts her slightly off the ground, her small body trembling with the sheer, impossible power of the release.

"Ogerpon!" Juliana cries out, a mixture of shock and alarm. She scrambles forward, her own painful predicament momentarily forgotten. But as she moves, the connection she shares with her Pokemon flares to life, a conduit for this newfound, amplified misery. The effect is instantaneous and devastating.

Juliana gasps, a sharp, strangled sound as a wave of pressure so intense it feels like a physical blow crashes through her. It's not pain anymore; it's a force, a hydraulic press inside her. The trickle soaking her shorts becomes a river, and the river becomes a deluge. A torrent of pee gushes from her, so powerful and sudden that she loses her footing and collapses backward, landing hard in the rapidly forming mud. The warm liquid splashes up around her, soaking her back, her hair, her face. She lies there, dazed and helpless, her body a vessel for this endless, explosive flood.

She looks over at Ogerpon. The Pokemon is still being lifted by the force of her own stream, her small body held aloft by this liquid jet pack. The Wellspring Mask is glowing, a faint light pulsing in time with the explosive gushes. The roar is deafening, a constant, overwhelming sound that drowns out everything else. Juliana can only watch in horror. Her attempt to help, to find a solution, has backfired in the most spectacular way imaginable. She has not spared her friend from misery; she has amplified it, turned their shared suffering into a catastrophic, unending spectacle.

Juliana scrambles through the mud, her movements clumsy and desperate. The ground is a swamp of her own making, a warm, slick mess that threatens to pull her down with every step. Her own stream is still a powerful, relentless river, but the pain has receded, replaced by a dull, throbbing ache and a profound sense of horror at what she has unleashed. She has to get to Ogerpon, has to make it stop.

"Ogerpon!" she yells, her voice strained, barely audible over the deafening roar. She lunges forward, her fingers closing around the cool, smooth straps of the Wellspring Mask. The Pokemon is still being held aloft by the impossible force of her own stream, her small body trembling and vibrating like a leaf in a hurricane.

With a desperate cry, Juliana pulls.

The mask comes off with a soft 'pop', the sound completely lost in the cacophony. For a split second, Ogerpon hangs in the air, a small, still silhouette against the spray. Then, gravity reclaims her. She falls, landing with a soft 'thump' in the center of the massive, steaming puddle she has created.

The world goes quiet again.

The roaring geyser dies instantly, replaced by the familiar, pathetic sound of a steady, uncontrollable trickle. After that mess, it's almost comforting, and Juliana decides not to mess with the masks anymore.

~X~

The cool porcelain of the public restroom toilet is the only solid thing in Olivia's world right now. Her forehead rests against her knees, which are pulled up to her chest in a defensive, useless posture. The rhythmic, endless sound of her own stream hitting the water below is a maddening metronome, counting out the seconds of her torment with a cruel, unforgiving precision.

"Tapu Lele, give me strength," she whispers, the words a prayer, a plea, a desperate mantra against the rising tide of despair. But the spirits of her island are silent. There is only the echoing chorus of groans from the neighboring stalls, the sharp, acidic scent of disinfectant mingling with the overwhelming, acrid smell of urine, and the constant, insistent ache in her own body.

Olivia is a woman who has always been in control, or at least, has always projected an aura of serene, unshakable confidence. She is the kahuna of Akala Island, a figure of authority and reverence. She moves with a deliberate grace, her actions and words measured and thoughtful. Now, she is just another body, another victim, trapped in this porcelain prison, her composure stripped away layer by layer with every passing second.

Her stream slows to a trickle, a fleeting, deceptive moment of relief. She dares to hope, to allow a small spark of optimism to flicker in her chest. Maybe it's over. Maybe the curse, whatever it is, has passed. But the hope is short-lived. A familiar, deep ache starts to build again, a pressure that is both physical and psychological, a heavy weight that settles in her pelvis and refuses to be ignored.

"No," she whimpers, the sound a small, pathetic thing that is immediately swallowed by the cacophony of the bathroom. She squeezes her eyes shut, her fingers digging into her own arms. "Not again. Please, not again."

But her pleas are in vain. The trickle becomes a stream, the stream becomes a flood, and she is lost again in the endless, humiliating cycle.

"Olivia?" a familiar voice calls from the stall next to hers. It's Mallow, who asks, "Are you stuck peeing too?" There's a waver in Mallow's voice, a mix of desperation and a strange, shared camaraderie.

Olivia lets out a long, shuddering sigh, a sound that is part relief at not being alone, part pure, undiluted misery. "Yeah," she calls back, her voice strained. "Yeah, Mallow. I am. Are you...are you okay?"

Mallow's response is a pained groan, followed by the sound of a fresh, powerful stream hitting the water. "I've been better," she says, her voice laced with a weak, forced cheerfulness. "It's like my bladder has suddenly decided it wants to be a waterfall. A really, really persistent waterfall." She lets out a small, hiccuping sob. "I don't like it, Olivia. I don't like it one bit."

Olivia's heart aches with a familiar, protective warmth. "I know, sweetie," she says, her own composure threatening to crumble. "I know." She wants to reach out, to offer a comforting touch, a reassuring word, but they are separated by a thin metal wall, a barrier that feels insurmountable.

"I was in the middle of a new recipe," Mallow continues, her voice a rambling, disjointed stream of consciousness. "I thought I'd get right back after it before I ran to the bathroom, but not only did I not make it, now I'm stuck!" Another sob, this one louder, more desperate. "My overalls are soaked. My shoes are soaked. I don't think I'll ever be dry again."

"It's okay, Mallow," Olivia says, her own tears welling up, a hot, salty sting that mixes with the sweat and grime on her face. "We'll get through this. We will." The words feel hollow, a lie she's telling herself as much as she's telling Mallow. But she has to say them. It's all she has left.

She leans her head back against the stall door, her eyes closed. She tries to find a quiet place in her mind, a place of peace and serenity, a place where she is not just a body, trapped and leaking. She tries to remember the feeling of the sun on her skin, the taste of salt on the air, the sound of the waves crashing on the shore. But the memories are distant, faded, like photographs from a life that belonged to someone else.

All she can feel is the cool porcelain against her skin, the constant, relentless pressure in her bladder, and the overwhelming, soul crushing misery of her situation.

~X~

Winona sits on the floor, her back pressed against the cool, tiled wall of the main bathroom's common area. She is not in a stall. She tried. She really did. But the line was a writhing, groaning serpent of desperation, and by the time she realized she wouldn't make it, it was already too late. The initial, hot rush of shame had been overwhelming, a wave that had left her breathless and trembling. Now, it's just a state of being.

Her legs are stretched out in front of her, her signature pilot's uniform soaked through, the dark fabric clinging to her skin in a way that feels both cold and warm at the same time. A small, steady trickle continues to escape, a constant, quiet reminder of her failure to reach a porcelain sanctuary. Her flight cap lies beside her, discarded in the initial panic. Without it, her hair is a messy halo around her face, stray strands sticking to her damp forehead. She feels grounded in the worst possible way, her wings clipped not by a storm, but by her own treacherous body.

She closes her eyes, trying to summon the feeling of the open sky, the crisp, clean air of the stratosphere, the solid, responsive controls of her plane in her hands. She tries to find the calm, focused center she needs to navigate through turbulence, to find order in chaos. But the chaos is inside her, a relentless, internal storm that she cannot out fly, and all she can see is rain. Not the clean, refreshing rain from above, but this endless, humiliating river from below.

"Unbelievable," she mutters, her voice a low, ragged whisper. "Just...unbelievable." She shifts her position, a small, uncomfortable movement that does nothing to alleviate the deep, aching pressure that is already starting to build again, a phantom fullness that defies all logic. She groans, a low, guttural sound of pure frustration.

She looks around at the scene of absolute pandemonium. The floor is a patchwork of puddles, a glistening, treacherous landscape that reflects the harsh, fluorescent lights of the ceiling. Girls and women are everywhere, in various states of distress. Some are like her, sitting or lying on the floor, their expressions a mix of defeat and sheer, unadulterated misery. Others are still standing, locked in a desperate, swaying dance, their hands pressed between their legs, their faces etched with a pain that is almost tangible.

A fresh wave of warmth spreads beneath Winona, another involuntary gush that she is powerless to stop. She lets out a long, shuddering sigh, the sound swallowed by the constant, ambient noise of the bathroom. The groans, the whimpers, the never ending sound of trickling water- it's a symphony of suffering, and she is just one instrument in a massive, miserable orchestra.

~X~

The battle court is usually a place of vibrant energy, a stage for flashy attacks and triumphant cries. Now, it's just a soggy, miserable stage for a different kind of performance. Lyra is perched on the lowest tier of the spectator benches, her short overalls dark with a spreading stain that has long since claimed any hope of dryness. Each shuddering breath she takes is a small, painful prayer for it to end, for the impossible, cycling fullness in her bladder to just...stop. Her Chikorita is huddled beside her, a whimpering, damp ball of leaves and misery.

But as another warm trickle escapes her, soaking the already saturated fabric of her clothes, an idea sparks in Lyra's mind, a brilliant, desperate flicker of hope. A temporal solution. A way to fix this before it ever began.

"Celebi," she gasps, her voice thin and strained. The green, fairy like Pokemon materializes in the air beside her, usually a vision of graceful, playful energy. Today, it is a picture of distress. Celebi hovers unsteadily, its small body trembling. Her wings, usually a blur of motion, are beating slowly, listlessly. A steady, tiny stream of urine trickles from beneath her, sprinkling onto the court below with a sad, almost silent patter.

"Celebi, listen to me," Lyra says, her words coming in a rush, a desperate, frantic plea. She grabs the Pokemon's small hand. "I need you to go back. Just a little while. Before all this started. Before anyone started...feeling like this. Find the source. Stop it. Please, Celebi. You can fix this. You have to."

Celebi looks at her, her large, intelligent eyes filled with a deep, shimmering confusion. There is a flicker of understanding, a recognition of the familiar command, but it's clouded by her own overwhelming, physical reality. The Pokemon nods, a small, hesitant gesture, as if trying to agree, trying to please her trainer, even through a fog of pain and humiliation.

She closes her eyes,her small body glowing with a familiar, soft green light. The air around her begins to shimmer and warp, the light bending and twisting, preparing to tear a hole in the very fabric of time. For a glorious, heart stopping second, it looks like it's working. The light intensifies, the humming grows louder, the promise of a solution, a return to a world without this constant, damp misery.

Then, with a sound like a bubble popping, it all collapses.

The green light vanishes. The humming stops. Celebi lets out a high, piercing shriek of pain and frustration, her small body convulsing as a fresh, powerful gush of pee erupts from her. She drops out of the air, landing in a heap on the wet court below, her body trembling with sobs. The temporal energy is gone, dissipated into nothing, leaving behind only the same, unending suffering. Celebi is not immune. She cannot escape this affliction, not by fleeing into the past, not by soaring through the years. She is trapped here, just like everyone else, a prisoner of her own traitorous, endlessly refilling bladder.

Lyra stares, her face showing an expression of horrified disbelief. Her last, best hope has failed, collapsing in a sad, wet heap. The idea, so brilliant, so perfect in its conception, has been proven to be nothing more than a cruel, impossible dream. There is no escape. There is no going back. There is only now. And now is wet and miserable.

A fresh, hot flood bursts from Lyra, a sudden, shocking gush that soaks through the already saturated fabric of her shorts and onto the bench beneath her. The heat of it is immense, a wave of shame that crawls up her spine and blooms in her cheeks. She gasps, her body tensing against the involuntary betrayal, but it's useless. She can't stop it. She can only endure it. The stream is strong and steady for a long moment, a forceful, liquid proof of her own helplessness.

Then, just as suddenly as it began, it slows, tapering off into a weak, pathetic trickle. A fragile, deceitful peace settles over her. She takes a shuddering breath, a small, desperate hope daring to bloom in the miserable wasteland of her thoughts. Maybe that was the last one. Maybe the curse, or whatever this nightmare is, has finally run its course. She allows herself a brief, fleeting moment of relief, her shoulders slumping in exhausted surrender. Her Chikorita, sensing the shift, lets out a soft, questioning whimper, its large, doe eyes looking up at her with a silent plea.

But the hope is shattered in an instant. The deep, aching pressure starts to build again, a phantom fullness that defies all logic, leaving her writhing and desperate to pee yet again. She moans, a low, guttural sound of pure frustration, as her bladder, once again impossibly full, betrays her with a new, warm torrent. The cycle begins anew, a relentless, humiliating loop of filling and emptying, with no end in sight. She is trapped in a prison of her own making, her body a vessel for this endless, liquid torment, and all she can do is lie there and take it, a small, broken figure on a soggy battlefield.

~X~

Maylene's knuckles are white where she grips her knees. Her whole body is coiled, a spring wound to its breaking point, but it's a tension that brings no release, only a deeper, more profound ache. She is a fighter, her body a disciplined weapon, honed and trained to withstand pain, to push through exhaustion, to channel agony into power. But this is a battle she cannot win. This is an opponent she cannot outmatch. Her own bladder, a traitorous, insistent muscle, has become her greatest enemy.

The toilet beneath her is a constant, mocking presence. The sound of her own stream, a steady, relentless tinkle, is the soundtrack to her personal hell. She tries to focus on her breathing, on the familiar, calming rhythm of a fighter preparing for a match. In through the nose, out through the mouth. But the rhythm is broken, shattered by the constant, insistent pressure that builds and builds, a rising tide of desperation that threatens to drown her.

"Come on," she growls, the words a low, guttural snarl. She tries to clench, to use her formidable core strength to stem the tide, to assert some modicum of control over her own rebellious body.

But it's like trying to hold back the ocean with her bare hands. The stream slows, for a blessed, fleeting second, and a spark of hope, a fighter's instinct, flares within her. She focuses all her will, all her discipline, into that one single, impossible task: stopping.

For a moment, it works. The trickle stops. The silence that follows is a deafening, miraculous thing. She holds it, her body trembling with the effort, her muscles screaming in protest. She is winning. She is in control. She is Maylene, the Fighting type gym leader, and she will not be defeated by this.

Then, the pressure redoubles, a crushing, merciless weight that feels like a physical blow. Her control shatters as her bladder screams for relief. The trickle becomes a stream, the stream becomes a flood, and she is lost again, her body a vessel for this endless, humiliating release. She slumps forward, her forehead resting on her knees, her body shaking with silent, defeated sobs.

She has fought powerful trainers, taken down ferocious Pokemon, and pushed her body to its absolute limits. But she has never felt so powerless, so utterly defeated. She is trapped in this small, porcelain prison, a prisoner of her own endlessly refilling bladder, and there is no escape, no respite, no victory to be won. Only the endless, repeating cycle of filling and emptying, a battle she can never win.

~X~

The stall is a tomb of cold, white porcelain, and Sabrina is its sole inhabitant. She sits on the toilet, her posture unnaturally straight, her hands resting, folded in her lap. Her eyes are closed, but not in sleep. She is trying to retreat, to fold her consciousness in on itself, to find the silent, empty void within her mind that has always been her sanctuary. It is a place of absolute stillness, a pocket universe where she is the sole architect, a place where the chaotic noise of the outside world cannot reach her.

But today, the sanctuary is invaded. The void is not empty. It is filled with the feeling of pressure, a constant, unending flow, a physical sensation that she cannot escape, no matter how deep she delves. The stream from her own body is a relentless, maddening metronome, a constant, percussive beat that shatters her concentration, a liquid scream that echoes in the quiet spaces of her mind. She tries to build walls, to erect mental barriers to block it out, but the sensation seeps through the cracks, a persistent, insidious tide of misery.

She opens her eyes, her gaze fixed on the scuff marks on the door in front of her. She focuses on the marks, tries to analyze them, to find a pattern, to impose order on the chaos. But the edges of the scuffs blur, the lines wavering as another fresh, warm gush escapes her, a sudden, unwelcome surge that makes her gasp. Her composure, a carefully constructed fortress, is beginning to crumble.

"Stop," she whispers, the word a command, a plea, a desperate exertion of her formidable will. She directs the command inward, trying to force her own body into submission. Her mind is a weapon, a tool of incredible power. She has bent spoons with a thought, communicated across vast distances, seen into the future. Surely, she can control this. Surely, she can master her own rebellious flesh.

The stream instead grows, stronger than before, a roaring torrent that seems to mock her efforts. Her body is a traitor, a prison of flesh and fluid that she cannot escape. She is Sabrina, the master of the mind, but she is a slave to her own bladder, and the realization is a humiliation more profound than any physical discomfort.

~X~

"Of all the blasted, inconvenient, historically unprecedented phenomena to be caught in the middle of," Sonia grumbles, her voice a low, frustrated mutter that bounces off the tiled walls of her stall. Every few seconds, a fresh, involuntary sigh escapes her lips as her body betrays her with another warm gush. "I had a theory brewing. A good one, too, and now...it's absurd!"

From the stall next to hers, a familiar, crisp voice responds, tinged with a similar weariness. "The word 'absurd' feels somewhat inadequate, Sonia." It's Professor Bellis.

Sonia lets out a short, sharp laugh that's more of a sob. "I don't need you to list all the ways to say how absurd it is in every other language. I'm living it." She shifts on the toilet, the movement sending a new, stronger stream trickling into the bowl below. The sound seems impossibly loud in the small space. "I just...argh! This constant refilling! It defies all known laws of biology, not to mention basic physics. Where is it all coming from? Are our bodies generating it from ambient moisture? Are we all secretly water types?"

There's a pause, punctuated by the distinct, rhythmic tinkle from Bellis' stall. "A fascinating hypothesis," Bellis says, her academic tone a bizarre comfort amidst the shared misery. "I've been considering the possibility of a localized temporal distortion. A loop, of sorts, where our bladder emptying signal is caught in a repeating cycle, creating the perception of continuous refilling."

Sonia's eyes widen slightly. "A temporal loop? That would...that would make a horrifying amount of sense. It would explain why there's no discernible source, no point of origin we can trace. But what could cause something so...specifically targeted and so...mortifying?"

"I haven't the faintest idea," Bellis admits, a rare crack of defeat in her usually unflappable voice. "And I can't exactly leave to investigate either."

Sonia loses focus for a moment, as her bladder is suddenly, yet again, painfully full, to the point that she can't hope to hold back the flood, and a strong stream of urine escapes her.

"Agh, not again! It's so...so forceful!" she cries out.

"I know," Bellis replies gently. "I've been trying to see if there's a pattern, if the refilling correlates with the emotional state of the individual, but the data is...messy. And I seem to be my least reliable test subject."

Another warm, relentless gush interrupts Sonia's train of thought, a sudden, liquid reminder of her current predicament. She presses her palms flat against her thighs, the denim already damp and clinging uncomfortably. "And it's not just the...the cycle," she complains, her voice strained. "It's the feeling. Right when you think you're empty, when you think, 'Surely, that's it, there can't possibly be any more,' there's this...this shift. This deep, aching pressure that builds up all over again. Like a tide coming in, but inside you."

"I know precisely what you mean," Bellis' voice floats back, sounding a little breathless herself. "There's a moment of... almost a vacuum. A brief, hollow feeling. And then, it starts to fill again, from the inside out. It's a very strange sensation."

"Strange doesn't even begin to cover it," Sonia mutters, slumping forward. A fresh stream, warm and unstoppable, trickles into the toilet. She can't even bring herself to care about the sound anymore. It's just background noise. The soundtrack to the end of dignity.

~X~

Bettie moves with a stiffness as she progresses forward in spite of the pressure. Every step is a carefully negotiated truce with the treacherous, full feeling in her bladder. A constant, warm dampness seeps through her jeans, a humiliating reminder of the battle she is losing with her own body. Beside her, Tina is a study in misery. Her face is grim, her brow beaded with sweat, and her hands are pressed firmly against the front of her shorts, a futile attempt to stem the endless, betraying stream.

"Are you sure about this, Bettie?" Tina gasps, her voice tight with pain. "Maybe we should just...find a place to sit down. This hurts."

Bettie shakes her head, her jaw set in a determined line. "No. Sitting down doesn't help. It just makes it...wetter. Something is causing this, and I'm not going to just leak in a corner while someone else gets away with it." She winces as a fresh, hot gush escapes, a wave of heat that makes her grit her teeth. "We just have to keep moving. Focus, Tina. Look for something out of place."

They press on, their pace a slow, awkward shuffle through the bustling, miserable streets of Pasio. Everywhere they look, people are in the same state: hunched over, groaning, their clothes dark with tell tale stains. The air is thick with the scent of urine and despair. Tina's Flareon is stuck in the same conditions, but Bettie's Registeel thankfully seems spared, due to a lack of a bladder.

Every few feet, Bettie has to stop, bracing herself against a wall or a lamppost as a fresh, hot gush escapes, a wave of liquid heat that makes her grit her teeth and squeeze her eyes shut. The relief is immediate, but it's a hollow victory, a fleeting moment of peace that is always, inevitably, followed by the slow, insidious return of pressure. It's a phantom fullness, an ache that builds from the inside out, a cruel, impossible trick played by her own body.

"This is driving me crazy," Tina whimpers, her face pale and slick with sweat. She's bent over at the waist, her hands clamped between her legs, a desperate, useless gesture. Her stream is a constant, pathetic trickle, a steady leak that has soaked her shorts and is now making its way down her legs in warm, rivulets. "It's like...like my bladder is a sponge, and every step I take just...wringings it out, only for it to soak up more water from the air."

Bettie doesn't answer, her focus narrowed to a point just ahead. She's a fighter, a strategist, and she's trying to treat this like a puzzle, a problem to be solved. But the pieces are slippery, and the pain is a constant, distracting static in her brain. Another wave of pressure builds, a sharp, sudden cramp that doubles her over. She lets out a low groan as a powerful stream erupts from her, soaking through her shorts and splashing onto the pavement. The sound is embarrassingly loud in the relative quiet of the alley, a harsh, hissing torrent that seems to go on forever.

At her feet, Tina's Flareon whines, a high, pitiful sound. The Pokemon's fluffy fur is matted and dark around its hindquarters, a soggy, miserable mess. It too is trapped in the same relentless cycle. It shifts from paw to paw, its body trembling with a fresh wave of pain as its own bladder, impossibly full, releases yet another trickle onto the ground. The sight is a painful, sobering reminder of the scope of this bizarre, humiliating plague.

"It's not fair," Tina sobs, her shoulders shaking. "Flareon is in so much pain. We have to do something."

"We are doing something," Bettie says, her voice strained but firm. She pushes herself upright, her body aching with the effort. "We're looking. We're not giving up. Now come on. Focus. Look for something that doesn't belong."

They move on, their search a slow, agonizing trek through a world of shared misery. They pass a group of Team Rocket grunts, huddled together, their trademark black uniforms dark with a new, unwelcome pattern. They see a woman in a fancy dress, sobbing into a silk handkerchief as a stream of pee pools around her high heeled shoes.

Everywhere they look, there is suffering. And with every step, with every fresh, involuntary gush, their own resolve is tested, their bodies a battlefield in a war they can't even see.

Then, Bettie sees it.

It's tucked away in a small, forgotten corner of the plaza, half hidden behind a large potted fern. A strange, humming machine, a tangle of wires and glowing lights, with a crude, spray painted emblem on the side: the logo of Team Break.

"Tina," Bettie says, her voice a low, urgent whisper. "Over there."

Tina follows her gaze, her eyes widening with a mixture of hope and disbelief. "What is that?"

"I don't know," Bettie says, a grim smile touching her lips. "But I have a feeling we're about to find out." She turns to her Registeel, the steel type standing impassively beside her, a silent, stoic guardian. "Registeel," she commands, her voice ringing with newfound authority.

The steel type's eyes glow, a blindingly bright light gathering in front of it. With a powerful, decisive motion, it launches the attack. It strikes the machine dead center, and the resulting explosion is a thing of beauty. A shower of sparks, a deafening CRACK, and then...silence.

And in that silence, Bettie feels a change.

The pressure is gone. The aching fullness, the constant, insidious build up, the phantom tide...it's all vanished. For the first time in what feels like an eternity, she feels...empty. Truly, blessedly empty. She looks down at her jeans, at the dark, damp patch, but there's no fresh, warm gush. No new trickle. Just...nothing.

She turns to Tina, her face breaking into a wide, triumphant grin. "We did it," she says, her voice filled with awe. "We found it."

Tina's head snaps up, her tear streaked face a mixture of disbelief and desperate hope. The pressure is still there, a heavy, aching weight that makes her want to curl into a ball and cry. But she looks at Bettie, at the relief on her friend's face, and a flicker of hope ignites in her chest.

She lets go of her own choice, emptying the pressure remaining in her bladder, the relief is so much that she almost falls over. She lets out a long, shuddering sigh, the sound a mixture of pure, unadulterated pleasure and a lingering, phantom pain. The stream is warm and steady, a final, liquid farewell to the nightmare that has held her captive. It flows over her hands, down her legs, and pools at her feet, but she doesn't care, if it's over.

The stream stops. The trickle tapers off. And...nothing. There is no slow, insidious return of pressure. No deep, aching fullness. No phantom tide rising within her. Just a quiet, blissful emptiness. A feeling of peace, of being whole again.

Tina looks down at her hands, at the evidence of her own humiliation, and then up at Bettie, her eyes wide with dawning, incredulous realization. "It's...it's gone," she whispers, her voice hoarse with emotion. "The pressure...it's not coming back."

At her feet, Flareon lets out a soft, confused yip. The Fire type, who has been a miserable, trembling ball of fur for the duration of their ordeal, suddenly lifts its head.It sniffs the air, its ears perked up, and then, with a sudden, joyful burst of energy, it shakes its entire body, sending a spray of damp fur flying. It's still a little soggy, a little matted, but the desperate, pained look in its eyes is gone, replaced by a bright, curious spark.

"It worked," Bettie says, her own grin widening as she sees the change in both Tina and her Pokemon. "It really worked."

~X~

In the oppressive humidity of the bathroom, Acerola has become entirely used to her miserable state. Beside her, Hapu is a small, stubborn statue of misery, her brow furrowed in concentration, as if by sheer force of will she could command her own rebellious bladder to obedience.

Then, as suddenly as it all began, it stops.

Acerola’s trickle simply...peters out. For a long, breathless moment, she doesn't dare to move, doesn't dare to hope. She just lies there, perfectly still, waiting for the familiar, crushing pressure to return. But it doesn't. There is only a deep, hollow ache, a ghost of a feeling, a profound and beautiful emptiness.

"I think..." Hapu's voice is a dry, cracking whisper beside her. "I think...it's over."

Acerola lifts her head slowly, her eyes wide with disbelief. She looks down at herself, at the damp, clinging fabric of her clothes, and then back at Hapu. Hapu’s face is a mirror of her own shock, her own desperate, fragile hope.

And then, a noise breaks the stunned silence. A laugh. It starts as a small, shaky giggle from one stall, then another, a shaky, relieved sob that turns into a chuckle. It's a chain reaction, a wave of joy that ripples through the bathroom.

"It's over! It's finally over!"

"Thank Tapu, it's over!"

"I'm empty! I'm actually empty!"

The cacophony of groans and whimpers is replaced by a chorus of laughter and tearful, celebratory shouts. The air, once thick with the scent of misery and urine, feels lighter, cleaner, filled with the sound of people being reborn.

Acerola pushes herself up, her body aching, her clothes a sodden, second skin. She looks at Hapu, who is slowly, carefully getting to her feet, a small, hesitant smile spreading across her face.

"Well," Acerola says, her own smile a wide, tired, but triumphant thing. "That was certainly an adventure."

Hapu snorts, a dry, dusty sound that is almost a laugh. "Let's never do that again."

