Genshin Gal Omorashi

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-08-26 19:58

A/N: A series of fic commissions I've been doing on each girl's birthday, as commissioned by my fiance, starting with Fischl. Barbara is missing from the order because he didn't get omo for her that time, but yeah!

The biggest clue that something is not right with Fischl is the fact that she is being so quiet. The two of them have spent quite a lot of time adventuring together now, and Aether is more than used to all of the talking that she tends to do. Not that he has a problem with it; quite the opposite, really, and that is one of the main reasons that he wants to keep her close all the time.

He is very fond of her, and loves everything that she does, all of the little things that make her herself. So, the fact that she is being uncharacteristically quiet is more than enough reason for him to worry about her, and think that there might be some sort of problem. The first time that he asks her, she brushes him off, when he had been expecting her to at least go into some elaborate explanation of how she is just fine, and how foolish he is to assume anything else.

Instead, she just brushes him off, with such a brief sentence that it seems as if it comes from another person altogether. There is definitely something wrong with Fischl, but Aether is not sure about how he can get to the bottom of this. If she wanted him to know, he wants to believe that she would have told him by now, and that, if she is keeping it to herself, then that means that this is none of his business.

At least, that is what he tells himself for a while, but it is hard not to be worried about her, when she is acting so different, and when she will not tell him what the problem is. If he is really not supposed to bother her about it, then he wants to leave her alone, but if she needs his help in any way and just does not know how to ask, he does not want her to feel like she can’t ask for help, like he will not help her in any way that he possibly can. If there is anything that he can do for her, of course he is going to.

But Fischl brushed him off that first time, and he is afraid to make her angry by continuing to push the issue, if she really wanted him to leave her alone. Instead, he decides to try and figure out the problem for himself, even though she probably really doesn’t want him to know at all. If it is nothing he can help with, then he will just pretend not to know, but if it is something serious, he is going to find his way to help her, no matter what.

The problem is, he can’t come up with anything unusual, beyond the fact that she is being really quiet, having barely spoken a word since he asked her if everything is okay. That must suggest some level of discomfort, but then, what is the source? It can’t have been something he did…can it? Aether tries to think back on another that may have upset Fischl so much that it would have left her silent, but he can only imagine her getting more vocal while angry with him, rather than less. He just can’t imagine her actually bottling things up like that, when she could just let him have it, and lecture him for causing any sort of problem.

He won’t say that it is impossible that this is all his fault, but he is going to rule that out for now, focusing instead on her body language, trying to look for any signs that she might be feeling sick. He does notice that there is something strange about the way she is walking, a sort of stiffness that is not normally there, and there is an expression on her face that he finds it difficult to read. She seems distracted, a faraway look in her eye, and her lips are pressed tight together, which definitely suggests discomfort.

Aether is coming up blank, but if he can help Fischl, he really does want to.

Meanwhile, Fischl is rather glad that he seems to be completely oblivious, because she needs him to remain that way for the time being, until she is able to come up wit a solution to the problem that is getting more pressing by the second. Truth be told, she is running out of time, and she still does not know what to do. The obvious thing is to simply excuse herself, but in order to do that, she has to actually have an excuse, or otherwise tell him outright what she has to do.

She has to get away from him, but since it is just the two of them, out exploring together, there is no chance for her to slip away without being noticed. If she were to just ask, she is sure that Aether would not think any less of her, and yet, she just can’t bring herself to call attention to her need. It feels like debasing herself, and that is the last thing that someone of her standing should do. On the off chance that it does cause him to think less of her, she doubts that she would ever be able to recover from such humiliation.

No, far better to keep it a secret that she desperately needs to pee right now, even though she knows that she can’t last forever, and even though she knows that she is going to have to do something about this soon. Even though she knows that simply owning up to it would be the best course of action.

The need came on slowly, and she was distracted in the beginning, barely even noticing it. She likes to be with Aether, because he makes her feel like it really is okay to be herself. In situations like that, it is all too easy for her to get carried away. She could easily ignore the slight pangs of discomfort, telling herself that she would worry about it later, but then later came, and there was still nothing she could do about it, the need growing steadily worse as she struggled to put it out of her mind, falling silent and growing distant due to all of the strain.

And so, that is how she finds herself out in the middle of nowhere, so desperate to pee that she can think of nothing else, and so determined to keep Aether from finding out that she knows she is just pushing him away and making him worry more about her. If she were to just tell him what the problem is, he at least might not worry so much, but her embarrassment about the state she is in is too strong, and so she just remains silent, ignoring his obvious concern as she tries, and fails, to come up with a plan to deal with this.

Obviously, her only option is to just tell him, but now, since she has been so quiet and distant about it all, even that does not feel like a valid choice anymore. Immediately, he will know that that was the only reason she has been acting this way, and even if he wouldn’t have thought anything of it before , she is sure that he will think less of her now, even if it is just because she has been so needlessly shy about something like this.

Things are getting really bad for her, so much so that she is struggling to even walk properly, and she prays he does not notice just how stiff she has become, all to try and prevent leaks. She is not going to be able to hold back forever, and he shows no sign of even considering turning back, not that she is sure she would be able to make it somewhere private, even if the two of them were to turn back right now. There is really no other choice for her but to be honest, and still she can’t bring herself to open her mouth, struggling to find the right words, to make herself sound even slightly less pathetic than she actually is.

Fischl is just completely out of luck, no matter how she looks at it. Honesty is her only option here, and no matter how Aether looks at her for it, it is definitely going to be better than whatever might happen to her if she wets herself. That would be the worst possible outcome, something that she would never be able to recover from. This might feel like an impossible situation, but it is probably nowhere near as bad as she imagines, and the chance to recover from her embarrassment is still there. If she loses control and wets herself like a little girl, then she knows that there is no chance at all, and that Aether will never want to bring her along ever again.

Just when she has set her mind on it, just when she is ready to face whatever she has to in order to avoid that humiliation, she is horrified to discover that it is already too late. She finds herself frozen in place, mouth hanging open, her request to be excused stopped before it comes out, as her bladder finally gives up on her. A strong spurt has already gushed out of her, and in her panic, she is too late to try and stop it from turning into something more, until she is fully wetting herself, just a few feet behind Aether, who is completely oblivious to what is going on.

It all comes out of her so quickly, feeling as though it is just pouring into her clothing, until it soaks through, running down her legs and gushing to the ground beneath her, and there is nothing at all that she can do now, not when it is all too obvious. All at once, a panicked idea comes to her, that she could try and run off, disappearing on him before he sees her in this state, but a cracked whimper finds its way past her lips, and Aether has already turned to face her. It is already too late for her, in every regard.

It takes him a moment to process what he sees, and even when she whimpers, “Don’t look,” he still finds himself frozen in place in his surprise. Somehow, it never occurred to him that this could be the problem, but now, it all makes too much sense to him. And when the tears start to fall, he feels absolutely terrible, both for not looking away when he was asked, and for not realizing the problem sooner, not doing more to make her feel comfortable and help her out.

In an instant, he is pulling her close, despite her protests. It does not matter to him if he gets wet in the process, because as far as he is concerned, he deserves that for not understanding her needs. She still relaxes in his arms, as he murmurs, “Come on, why are you crying?”

“B-because!” she hiccups. “A princess of the imnernachtreich shouldn't fall victim to such things…but I still…I still…”

“That’s not your fault, and it has nothing to do with being a princess or not, and definitely nothing to do with my loyalty to you as your knight,” he replies, hoping that he can find the words to properly comfort her. The only thing he wants to do now is make sure that she feels better. He needs her to understand that he is never going to think less of her for this sort of thing, and that he is always going to be there to support her, just as he is. Neither of them have admitted to any deeper feelings yet, but he hopes that his love for her shows through either way.

Fischl lets him keep holding her for quite some time, and as he says his words of comfort, she does not protest them quite as much. It will likely be a while before he can completely ease her worries, but at least the two of them are off to a good start. No matter what it takes, he is going to make things better for her.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*001*2021-08-27 15:57

A/N: This one is a bit more sexually charged, there's some direct piss drinking, but it centers on Lisa!

Aether has been a big help to Lisa lately, doing whatever she needs done. Her job is a busy one, or at least that is what she insists when she asks him to assist her, and he is more than willing to do whatever she needs done. He absolutely adores her, and she adores him in return, especially when he is there to give her what she needs. As it turns out, the amount of tasks that need to be done during the day can actually be handled by one person, and right now, that one person is Aether.

He works hard enough that there is no work actually left for Lisa, not that she minds that at all. She prefers it this way, where she can focus on what she really needs to; her personal reading and research, and perhaps a fair bit of relaxing mixed in with all of that. In her opinion, life is a lot better with a dutiful assistant to take care of anything and everything that she would rather not do.

But after hours of sitting around doing nothing, not even bothering to get up at any point, she soon realizes that she has another task for Aether to take care of. Fortunately for her, it is now closing time, so the two of them will soon be alone in the library, once he makes sure that everyone else has left. Not a moment too soon, because Lisa has put this off long enough that she is not even sure if she is able to get up.

“Is there anything else you need help with?” Aether calls out, as he comes back to her desk. The two of them are alone now, and he can make himself very useful to her.

“I do need your help with something,” she replies, wondering if he can sense the slight strain in her voice. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing now, and she has to press her thighs together to feel like she has even a chance of holding back until he is on his knees in front of her. She has managed to ignore and neglect her need for long enough now, just waiting for the chance to let Aether take care of it.

“Under your desk?” he asks, already understanding, without needing her to say a word. He knows what he is good for, and understands the ins and outs of their relationship perfectly by now. After a long day, he knows what she needs, and soon enough, he is right beneath her desk, his hands on her legs.

Aether is gentle as he pushes her thighs apart, and Lisa fights back against the urge to let loose now, when she knows that it is too soon. He is used to this work, and gets any clothing out of the way, to make sure that she stays dry even if he is not able to pull this off without making a mess. But he never makes a mess, not anymore, not with all the practice that he has.

Aether loves drinking it too much to let anything spill.

Lisa often does this on purpose, so much so that it has become a habit, that she often forgets even when she does not intend to wait it out. At this point, it is hard to tell which it is at any time, but at the very least, she can always count on Aether and that cute little mouth of his. She feels her lips on him, and knows that he is ready for her to let go now. It is easy for her to relax, and let it all come flowing out of her.

She does her best to control the stream, as much as she possibly can so that it does not become too much for him. At least that way she makes it easier for him to not make a mess of things, so that he never has to drink a single drop. Relief washes over her all at once and she moans for him, letting him hear just how good it feels for her. She reaches a hand under her desk to rest on top of his head, gently petting him while he dutifully drinks down her piss, taking care of her every need, just like any good assistant would.

All day long, he does everything for her, so that she does not have to so much as leave her desk, and now, this is how he finishes the day. There will be more to come after this, but that part takes place in her bed, not in the library, so she can’t really count it as part of his job as her assistant. But this part? This part she considers essential at this point, and he is far too hooked on it to ever want to stop.

He moans right along with her, as he swallows it all down, bit by bit. There is a lot, because she has been holding this all day, and she knows that she would have lost control if she had even tried to stand up like this. Aether really helped her out of a tight spot here, even if it is one that she decided all for herself. Slowly, her stream comes to a stop, and he remains where he is for a moment, just to make sure.

Finally, he pulls back and looks up at her from under his desk. She smiles down at him and says, “Another hard day’s work over, huh, sweetie? I think we could both use some rest and relaxation, don’t you agree?” Aether knows what that means, and the excitement is clear on his face as she pushes back and stands up, reaching down to take his hand.

Together, the two of them leave, both excited for what is to come. Aether is going to take care of her all over again, but this time, it is not a part of his “work” at the library. This time, it is just what she lets him do for fun.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*002*2021-08-29 19:41

A/N: Semi intentional with Hu Tao

When Aether asked her what she wanted to do, Hu Tao did not hesitate to tell him that she wanted to hang out with him all day. In her mind, there was nothing better that the two of them could do, and in her mind, that would make for an absolutely perfect day. She gets to do what she wants whenever she wants, so for once, she wants to spend her time on him, on the traveler that has caught her attention in more ways than one.

But hanging out all day means hanging out all day, and she does not want to miss out on a moment of it, not for any reason. Not even if she might have some business that she needs to attend to, not even if she should probably take a break from all of this. When she first feels an urge to pee, she completely ignores it, because she does not want to interrupt her day with Aether.

That would be just fine, except for the fact that it just keeps getting worse for her, and she knows that it is only going to continue to get worse if she does not go take care of it. She does not even know why it seems more important to ignore it than to take a brief break, one that would not really cut into their time together at all. But she does not want to excuse herself for any reason, and continues to remain stubborn.

The longer they continue spending time together, the worse it gets for her, until she can’t stand still, her bladder absolutely throbbing for release. It has been a long time since she has felt any need to push herself so far, usually able to take her breaks whenever she may need to. Aether has asked her a few times if she’s okay, and each time, she has completely brushed him off, telling him that there is nothing he needs to worry about. By now, she is pretty sure that he no longer believes her, but he can’t make her admit to anything.

If she just excused herself, it would all be fine, but she doesn’t want to. There is no other way to explain it; she just doesn’t want to. Every time Aether tries to check on her, every time he makes it clear that he can tell she’s hiding something from him, she has another opportunity to say she’ll be right back, and then go take care of things, but every time, she brushes him off, even when she is squirming like a desperate child in front of him.

And now she is sitting on his lap. Like this, things are only that much more obvious, but she wants to keep teasing Aether, clearly the most fun part of spending the day with him, so it is worth it. It is worth the way she squirms and writhes on top of him, fighting against her bursting bladder, and still finding the idea of seeking relief impossible. It feels better when she grinds down against his leg, her legs dangling off either side of it, so she does just that, willing to do whatever it takes to keep herself from losing control.

“Are you sure everything’s alright?” Aether asks her, making it clear from his voice that he already knows it isn’t. But if that is the case, then he should know better than to ask, since he already knows the answer himself, and knows that she is not going to say anything.

“Why do you ask?” she replies, her tone still playful despite the strain in her voice. Grinding against him like this feels so good…is that what this is? It took her a bit to realize that she is dragging all of this out because this feels good, because all of this, including holding it, is turning her on so much. Hu Tao didn’t expect something like this, but now, she definitely isn’t going to stop, no matter how desperate she is.

“You’ve just seemed a little uncomfortable for a while now, and I wanted to make sure…” Aether trails off, realizing for the first time the way she is panting, understanding that there is a lot more to the way she grinds down against him than just her need to pee. And he has absolutely no idea how he is supposed to react to something like that.

“I’m just fine, so stop worrying about me,” she replies, before biting her lip and whimpering. It is all too much for her; no matter what she says out loud, there is only so much that she can do about her body’s limitations. And so, right there on Aether’s lap, his leg pressed between hers, Hu Tao loses control and starts to piss herself and, as a result, starts to piss all over him as well.

Under normal circumstances, this would be horribly humiliating for anyone, but as Hu Tao gives into the relief, and as she gives into her own pleasure, the only thing she feels is pure, orgasmic ecstasy. Moaning out, she just lets loose, not bothering to hold anything back as she completely soaks Aether, who remains stunned beneath her, unable to make sense of what is happening, let alone how he feels about it.

All he knows is that he is soaked and that it is all so warm, and that Hu Tao is still writhing on top of him, still panting and moaning, and that it is the hottest thing he has ever seen in all his life. Beyond that, he is completely lost, and even more lost when she is finally done, relaxing back against him, and tilting her head back on his shoulder to look up at him.

“Don’t even try to pretend you weren’t into that,” she says, giving him the sort of grin that makes his chest ache. “I mean, you can try and deny it, but I’d just have to ask why you’re so hard, then.”

Sure enough, the evidence is right in front of her.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*003*2021-08-30 15:35

A/N: Yanfei time, with her triyng to just ignore it because she would rather talk with Aether

The truth is, Yanfei has known for a while now that she has to pee, but when she gets started talking, it is nearly impossible to get her to stop until she is truly done with what she wanted to say. That is something that she likes about Aether; he never tries to stop her, always interested in hearing what she has to say to the end. Part of that definitely has to do with just how infatuated he is with her, but she knows that, in turn, his infatuation stems from how interesting he finds her.

The two of them make a good pair, and he makes for an excellent listener. When she has a difficult case, she likes to talk it through with him, explaining what she has had to deal with thus far, explaining all of the intricate ins and outs, before using the conversation to help work her way through what she has not yet uncovered. So many breakthroughs have been made just from talking to Aether, and that is why she never wants to stop, not until she is actually done with what she is trying to say.

Which makes situations like this one particularly difficult. She has been talking for a long time now, and probably should have gone to relieve herself long before she even got started on this tangent. After all, she knew what she was getting into, and that she would be talking for a good while, but she decided she could handle it, because she wanted Aether’s full attention right away. Now that she has it, and now that she is so deep into her explanation, she is not going to stop any time soon.

Her bladder demands she does, though. It becomes difficult to concentrate, easy to lose her train of thought, which makes this take even longer than it should. If Aether is able to tell that something is wrong, he does not say anything, just listening to what she explains even as she begins rubbing her thighs together, willing to do anything that she can to keep herself under control, to help alleviate the pressure of her growing need.

Yanfei is pushing herself really hard right now, and that is saying something, considering the situations she has had to hold it through before. That might be part of it; she is used to getting carried away or getting too busy to take care of her basic needs, and pushing herself until she is already at her limit, but she always manages to make it, even in those precarious situations. That thought helps her justify holding it right now, when it would be every bit as easy to excuse herself and take a brief break to take care of this, knowing that Aether would be waiting for her when she got back.

She just can’t bring herself to stop, not when she wants to keep going, not when he is listening with such rapt attention. Yanfei wants to hold onto his attention no matter what, her legs trembling beneath her as she fights her growing need. Her bladder pulses and throbs, and she bites her lip between words to try and distract from that pain, but nothing she does can make her forget it now. She is getting too close to her limit, her body sending out all these warning signs, letting her know that her bladder is not going to be able to hold out for much longer at all.

If Yanfei does not stop soon, she is going to wet herself, but she is almost at the end of this part of her story. Maybe then she can excuse taking a little break, and then getting right back into it, starting into the next phase, brainstorming where she can take the case from here. That sounds like a good idea, and that means that she just has to hold it for a little bit longer before she can seek relief. She just has to hold it for a little bit longer, but a sharp pang from her bladder sees her gasping, a hand darting between her legs to hold herself, and even that is not enough to stop her from leaking a little bit.

Yanfei is cutting it close, and now Aether is staring at her hand between her legs. “Don’t worry about that,” she says, the strain in her voice obvious. “Just let me finish what I’m…what I’m…”

“But, Yanfei, you’re-” he starts, but he falls silent once he realizes that it is already too late for her. Her eyes widen in horror when this leak turns out to be a lot more than that, when she realizes that there is nothing she can do to stop it. Her story is forgotten, her ideas are forgotten, because Yanfei has finally pushed herself too far, and now, she is wetting herself in front of Aether.

It does not take long for her stream of piss to completely soak through her shorts, creating a stain on them, before running down both of her legs. She moves her hand, but it is already wet, and that just gives Aether a better view, as a steady, strong jet of urine gushes out of her, both running down her legs and spraying down to the ground beneath her, creating a puddle at her feet. She has no one but herself to blame for this, and yet, even her humiliation takes second place to her relief, so great right now, that she can almost forget Aether is watching, that she made sure she had his full attention before this happened to her.

And all Aether can do is watch in amazement as Yanfei pisses herself right in front of him, without any real warning. Perhaps there had been some hints in her body language, but he had been too caught up in her explanations to pay attention to that until she was already at her limit. Now, he sort of wishes he had noticed sooner, so that he might have been able to help her.

Or perhaps he just wanted to pay attention to her squirming, to the way she fought to hold it. Right now, there is no denying his excitement, as he watches her stream trickle to a stop.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*004*2021-08-31 20:52

A/N; Skipping ahead to post Mona today since it is actually her birthday, then will get back on track with Amber and Ningguang

At all times, Mona refuses to show any sort of weakness around Aether. She wants to appear to him as the great astrologist that she always tries to be, wants him to think of her as someone amazing and strong, someone worth looking up to. In her eyes, these are always tasks of the utmost importance, but to most people, Aether included, it would probably just seem silly, like she was taking it all far too seriously. Whatever the case, when they spend time together, she does what she can to maintain these appearances.

Which means that it is not easy to deal with such basic needs, things that she feels she should be above, but things that she will never be able to escape, no matter how hard she tries. Namely, her troublesome bladder, and the fact that she almost always finds herself needing to pee at some point when they are spending time together. But she never wants to excuse herself for that, and always worries that he will ask where she is going if she tries to be vague in her excuses.

More often than not, she is bursting and barely makes it by the time that their time together has reached its end. Often, she will wait for a chance where she can slip away, but that never happens. Even so, as long as she makes it in the end, she refuses to see it as a problem. But there comes a day when things are much worse than she is used to.

Things have been going on for way too long, and her need is getting out of control, when she knows that they are still going to be together for quite a while. Normally, it does not get this bad until she knows that they are about to say their goodbyes for the day, but right now, it takes all of her self-control not to squirm around in place to try and alleviate the pressure that is building up in her. She has to go pretty badly, and is going to have to find some chance to get away.

Just like always, she finds herself waiting for the perfect opportunity, such as Aether excusing himself first, but waiting for that does not do her any good when her own need is getting worse by the second. She will not, cannot, admit to the fact that she needs to pee right now, no matter how bad it gets. Even if she is at the point where she can no longer resist squirming, even when Aether keeps looking over to her, nearly catching her in these acts of desperation.

“Is everything alright?” he asks her, more than once, and every time, rather than taking her chance, she brushes him off, finding it so amusing he would ever think she had any sort of problem.

The more she puts it off, the more humiliated she feels at the idea of admitting that she needs to pee.

And so things carry on, with her getting worse and worse, and Aether never giving her the chance that she needs, always sticking close by her. If only she could just admit to it, but every time she tries to get up the nerve, she fails, and that just makes it that much harder for her to get up the nerve next time. If she had just gone from the start, or if she had not built up such a complex for herself, she would not be in this situation to begin with, but here she is, feeling as though she could lose control at any moment.

All she wants to do is make sure that she fights that impulse to the end, but her body is not going to last forever. When she feels a small bit leak out, she knows that she is already doomed; there is only so much she can leak before her outfit starts to show it, and the leaks mean that she has officially reached the point that her body is not going to be able to contain this much longer. At this point, the only thing she can do is speak up, and deal with that shame, rather than the shame of pissing herself.

Except by the time she opens her mouth to actually say something about it, it is already too late for her. All that escapes is a strangled whimper, and then she is pissing herself full force, right in front of Aether. He stares right at her, the expression on his face not quite as shocked as she would have expected, but she does not really have time to think about the look on his face right now, when she is humiliating herself so thoroughly. It goes on for what seems like forever, her bladder having quite a lot to empty out after forcing herself to hold it back for so long.

Tears spring up in her eyes as she finally gives up on the strain of holding back, relaxing and letting the relief and humiliation take hold of her. More than likely, there is nothing she will be able to do to redeem herself in Aether’s eyes now, so she might as well accept that quickly. By the time her bladder has actually finished emptying, there is a sizable puddle left at her feet, her clothing completely soaked through, with no way for her to hide from anyone what has just happened to her.

“Well, go on!” she finally says, after an awkward silence. “Get your digs in at me now. I’m sure you’re just itching to mock me for such a…such a pathetic display!”

“Not exactly,” Aether replies, “unless that’s what you wanted me to do? I’m still not sure how you figured out I was into this, but maybe you’re into that aspect, in which case, I can definitely come up with plenty of ways to tease you.”

He says it all so casually that at first, none of it sinks in. Mona just gawks at him, trying to process his words, and in the end, all she can do is cry out, “What?!”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*005*2021-09-01 17:38

A/N: This one is more sexually charged, has Amber wetting but also Amber drinking Aether's piss so be warned

After finding out just how into this Aether is, Amber wants to keep exploring this interest. After all, not only is he into it, but she has developed quite an interest in it as a result. And it gives them a chance to be competitive about something, which the young couple always takes advantage of, always eager to find something new to compete over, to see who will win between the two of them.

This time, their contest hinges on their newfound interest in pee. The two of them are both going to hold it for as long as they possibly can, and the first one to lose control loses the contest, and has to drink the piss of the winner. Truth be told, whether they win or lose, both are going to have a lot of fun, but they obviously both want to win, just for the sake of their own pride. With both bladders full to bursting, it is only a matter of time before one of them gives in, but neither wants to be the one to go out first, no matter what it takes to keep holding on.

Amber squirms where she stands, trying to hide just how bad off she already is, but there is not much she can do about that now, not without sacrificing her ability to hold it, and ending up in an even worse situation. Humiliation aside, she has to do whatever she can to keep her bladder in check, at least longer than Aether. She feels like she could lose control at any moment, and has no choice but to jam a hand between her legs, holding herself as she writhes, trying to keep it in, just for a little while longer.

Aether is not doing much better than her, but he still smirks at her to see the way she starts obviously showing just how bad off she is. He has not resorted to holding himself yet, but he has no choice but to squirm in place, biting his lip and fighting against his bursting bladder. Amber is looking like she might cave any second now, so that is more motivation for him to keep fighting this, all the way until the end. If she gives in soon, then he will be able to make it, no questions asked.

The only problem is that he might not be able to last as long as her. All he can do is keep squirming in place, hoping that his willpower will be enough to let him outlast her. At the same time, while she holds herself and begins to fret about the state that she is in, she internally pleads with herself, willing to do whatever it takes in order to make sure that she is able to hold it a little bit longer, just long enough to make Aether drink the contents of her bladder.

Unfortunately for her, there is nothing she can do to stop it, once her body gives in. She does try to fight it, crying out and clamping down, catching Aether’s attention in the process, but she does not even spare him a glance, not wanting to distract herself with that smug look of victory that she is sure is already on his face. She just wants to try and stop this leak before it turns into something more, but it is quickly evident that the slight spurt is growing, that she is not able to stop herself from leaking. Amber is completely done, as her bladder finally gives up on her.

All at once, it begins rushing out of her, and that is all she can do. She drops her hand as she begins to soak through her shorts, a large wet spot forming and spreading, until it is running down her legs and tall boots, and forming a puddle on the ground beneath her. Just like that, it is all over, and though she is certain that Aether would not have lasted much longer himself, that really does not matter now that it is all said and done. Whether it was a close victory or not, victory is still his, and she knows that, now that her bladder is blissfully empty, she has to pay the penalty.

So why is she so excited about that?

“Better hurry up and get on your knees,” Aether says, strain clear in his voice. “Or else I won’t be able to claim my prize and you’ll have to wait until I have to piss again before we can do this.” So he is planning to collect even if he loses control and pisses himself. Amber wants it, but even if she didn’t, forcing him to wet himself by taking too long would do her no good, making it better to get on her knees and get it over with.

It does not really feel like getting it over with right now, though, because she wants it so badly. Getting on her knees in front of him, she watches with anticipation as he frees his cock, parting her lips for him so that she is ready to take it between her lips. There is no denying the fact that she is getting all turned on over this. Aether is squirming, barely keeping it together, but as she opens her mouth, he puts the tip between her lips, just in the nick of time.

As he lets go with a sigh, Amber can’t help her moan, swallowing down every drop of piss that flows into her mouth. She is sure that she must look horribly pathetic, on her knees and drinking his piss while soaked in her own, but that thought only serves to further turn her on. She enjoys losing just as much as she enjoys winning, something that she knows Aether shares. Even though they are both happy either way, they still have to carry out these contests to the end; otherwise, it would not be nearly as much fun to carry out a penalty, or claim a prize.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*006*2021-09-03 16:38

A/N: Ningguang is similar to the Lisa one with piss drinking. It'll be until the next Genshin gal's birthday before i have another one of these stories

Lately, Aether has become more like Ningguang’s assistant, not that he minds this position at all. After all, he wants to be close to her and to understand what her daily life entails, and if he is going to spend so much time involved with her various affairs, it only makes sense that he should start taking part in them, helping her in whatever way that he can. The two of them make for a good team, or at least that is what she tells him at the end of each day, but they both know that they are much more than just a good team.

She is a very busy woman, so spending time with her like this hardly counts as spending time with her, and yet, he enjoys every second that they are able to spend together, even when he is just left off to the side, watching her conduct her business, and then assisting her with menial tasks that he can handle with ease. Simply being with her is more than enough for him, especially when the day is done, and they do manage to get real time alone together. At that point, she always makes sure to reward him for his hard work, the only payment that he could ever ask for when it comes to this job.

One day, however, things are a bit busier than normal, and Ningguang is not having an easy time of things. He does not realize it at first, because she is so composed, but she is definitely struggling. She is able to keep herself under control, no matter how bad it gets, but she knows that she is going to have to do something about it eventually, or else things could get really bad for her.

Even when she has a lull in meetings, she really does not have the time she would need to leave for a bathroom break. Any usable facilities are a good distance from her, and today is such a busy day that taking the time to go would certainly lead to her being late, coming back to find her next meeting waiting for her. She would rather avoid something like that, which means that it is a good thing she has Aether here to help her out.

As soon as the two of them are alone, she is ready to request his aid. Her bladder is aching terribly now, and though she is very good at keeping that to herself, it does not change the fact that she is bursting, and that she is not sure how much longer she is going to be able to hold out like this. Though the two of them have never done anything like this before, she has no doubt that Aether will be more than willing to do it, knowing the way he jumps at any chance to assist her.

“Get beneath my desk,” she orders him, not even showing any strain in her voice.

“Do we have time for something like that?” he asks.

“I wasn’t asking for that, actually,” she replies, her voice cool and collected, showing nothing but pure confidence as she admits to her predicament. “I desperately need to relieve myself, and I don’t want to be late to my next meeting. Please get under my desk and help me take care of that, so I don’t have to leave the room. Oh, and quickly, as well…we don’t want to get caught doing something like that.”

Aether’s eyes widen as he realizes what she is saying, but he is definitely going to go through with it, and make sure that he does what she says. His heart races, realizing all at once just how into that he really is, and he wastes no time in getting under her desk, doing just as she says. He has done this plenty of times before, but always to eat her out, pleasuring her and helping her relax while she works. Still, it is easy to get her clothing out of the way when he has that kind of practice, and then his mouth is in place, ready to drink down every last drop that she gives him, ready to make sure that his lover feels all better.

He could not have gotten into position soon enough; Ningguang, is at her limit now, and absolutely has to give into it all. With a sigh, she begins to relax, letting her piss flow out of her, directly into Aether’s waiting mouth. She does what she can to control the stream, since there is so much of it, but with how desperate she had been, there is only so much she can do, needing to empty out as much as she can, as quickly as she can.

Aether, however, is not deterred by any of this, and does not let this throw him off at all. He does his best to make sure he swallows it all, not wanting to let a single drop spill. What does spill only drips down his chin, not making a noticeable mess, and so, Ningguang is able to steadily empty her bladder. Once she reaches a certain point, she is able to slow her stream down enough to make sure that it is not more than Aether can handle, and once she is completely empty, the relief is like nothing she has ever felt before in her life.

As for Aether, he is left shaking in his arousal, quickly getting her clothing back into place so that he can emerge from beneath her desk, just in nick of time. It is fortunate that he is barely seen as anything more than part of the decor, because at least like this, he can blend into the walls as he tries to keep his arousal in check. All the while, Ningguang is very much aware of how excited he is, and barely able to contain her own excitement. Tonight, she will have to be sure to reward him appropriately for all of his hard work.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*008*2021-09-28 15:32

A/N: Happy birthday Ayaka

Aether was at least vaguely aware how long this would take ahead of time, but he is still surprised that Ayaka is able to go through such a lengthy ceremony so flawlessly, not showing any sign of being tired or wanting to stop. He is also pretty impressed that she is able to make it feel so…well, not boring, because, truth be told, he had been very worried that he would end up bored by the end of it, and yet that is not the case at all. Which is very good, because he wants to give her his utmost attention, when he knows that she is sharing something so important with him.

As for Ayaka, she honestly wishes that this were over already, even though she knows that she can’t rush something like this. She knows that she can’t rush it, but she wants to, or at least wants the ability to turn back time and do a few things differently. After spending so much time practicing before Aether got here, all because she wanted to make sure it was perfect for him, she did not think to visit the bathroom, and a lengthy tea ceremony like this is absolute torture for her when she has to pee, and knows that she can’t take a break.

Even sitting still is hard right now, but she knows the slightest movement might throw things off, might alert him to what the problem is, and she does not want that. It’s just that she isn’t sure if she will actually be able to wait until the very end. The tea she sampled before this began has more than made its way through her, and the pouring she has to perform now is torture on her already tormented bladder. Ayaka is pushed far beyond what she should be able to endure, and can’t believe that she actually let something like this happen to her.

She is always careful about this, has always been careful about it. It’s not as if she never realized the risk of something like this happening, so she always made sure that she was well prepared in every regard. She could comfort herself with the fact that this is not anything official, but that doesn’t do much when she cares about Aether’s opinion as much as anyone else’s, perhaps even more.

She wanted to share something important with him, and now, she can’t very well excuse herself. Even if he is not familiar with tea ceremony, he would probably figure out something was up with her taking a break out of nowhere, and that thought is too embarrassing for her to deal with. She has waited so long for this friendship, and the last thing she wants to do is embarrass herself in front of him, and potentially ruin what it is that she has been striving for. So she just has to hold it, even though she can hardly sit still, even though her bladder aches so much it makes her feel sick.

What is she going to do? There is still so much to see this ceremony through to the end, and she can’t ask for a break or try and cut things short, she just can’t. She wants everything to be perfect for Aether, but she needs to pee right now, and is just trying to not let the panic show on her face when she feels a bit of a leak escape her, trying to maintain composed even as the liquid soaks into her panties.

A few more of those and she is not going to be able to conceal the evidence of her loss of control. A few more of those and she might not be able to stop them, they might not just be leaks anymore, and she will completely humiliate herself after finally finding another close friend. She is going to ruin everything with Aether no matter what she does, and the stress is so great now that she can’t focus. Her hands are shaking, she has forgotten what comes next, and he is just patiently staring at her, waiting for her to do something, not realizing yet what she has accidentally brought on herself.

Ayaka wants to keep fighting, wants to appear perfect, and she can’t. Not anymore. It’s already too late for her, and before she can even make her excuses and flee, she has already lost control, sitting right in front of him. As she loses control of her bladder, all she can do is look down at her lap, tears beginning to cloud her vision. Aether notices her slowing to a stop long before he notices what is happening to her.

“Ayaka, is something wrong?” he asks, cocking his head. He gives a soft gasp when he sees that she is crying, and starts, “Ayaka, what’s…” But he trails off as he notices the puddle spreading beneath her, as she finally gives into her bursting bladder. All at once, he realizes that she must have been struggling this whole time, and not saying anything for his sake. Now this has happened to her, and she is left completely humiliated, while he is left speechless.

Even once her bladder has emptied, Ayaka does not feel better. The relief is great, but also completely overshadowed by her humiliation, her absolute misery. Now everything is over and ruined, and Aether is never going to speak to her again. She can’t stop her tears from falling, her shoulders shaking as she begins to properly cry. It’s not as if it matters if she cries in front of him now; she has already disgraced herself enough, so what’s a little more?

She is so lost in her own tears that she does not notice him moving closer, until he is wrapping his arms around her, pulling her close, not seeming a bit worried about the mess she has made. She can’t understand this, not when she had been certain that he would be disgusted with her, but as he pulls her in to comfort her, she realizes that she must have misjudged him. He is a true friend, the sort who would not be put off by such a thing.

Perhaps, then, she should have just taken a break, but it’s too late now to do anything about that. Instead, she can just be relieved that he only wants to make her feel better. And, at the same time, Aether can be relieved that Ayaka has not yet noticed how turned on he is by all of this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*009*2021-10-17 17:22

A/N: Xinyan time!

Xinyan is normally a lot more careful about this sort of thing. She can’t believe that she would be stupid enough to let herself forget something so important, all because of a boy . Granted, Aether is something special, different than anyone she has ever met in her life, and it is a big deal to her that he is here to watch her, but even so. The fact that she skipped relieving herself before going on stage, that she didn’t even think about it, because he was there and she wanted to talk to him beforehand, is so stupid, and she can’t believe herself.

But now she is stuck like this, performing with an aching bladder, and there is nothing that she can do about it. Certainly, she is not going to go running off stage or ending her set early just so that she can pee. She is going to see this through to the end, even though the fact that she is in front of all these people means that she can’t even do anything to make holding it easier, because she does not want to alert them to what is going on with her. Xinyan has to keep her desperation subtle, while also not letting it get too out of control, and she really is not sure she can manage that.

Except she has to, because people are watching her, and because Aether is watching her. If only he weren’t here, then maybe she wouldn’t have done this…but she can only blame herself, and she can only keep performing, internally wishing that she were anywhere other than here, just as long as she could have the privacy needed to empty her bursting bladder.

Xinyan rubs her thighs together as best as she can without making it too obvious, but she is to the point that does not really help. Nothing helps, as her mind keeps screaming over and over again that she has to pee, that she has to pee now, that she needs to get off stage if she is ever going to have any hope of making it. Her desperation has reached the point that she can barely handle it, and rather quickly, at that. It feels like it is made all the worse by the fact that she is on stage and knows that she can’t do anything about it, but she feels like it was just moments ago she first felt a nagging urge, and now she has to pee worse than she ever has in all her life.

Xinyan knows that she is fucked if she can’t keep holding it. She has worked hard for her reputation, and though she does wish people didn’t essentially piss themselves in terror just from looking at her, she knows no one is going to take her seriously ever again if she is the one pissing herself, especially during one of her concerts. It is one thing to lose control where someone might see it, and another thing entirely to lose control while performing in front of a crowd of fans, and a few curious onlookers, likely just waiting for an excuse to judge her further, to start mocking her.

With all of that playing in her mind, it does not make this situation any easier for her, and her panic makes it harder for her to focus. She now has another worry, the fact that this concert might not even be all that impressive, far from her best work, if she is going to keep focusing on her bladder over her music. If she puts too much into her music, her control could start to slip, but if she puts too much into holding it, she is going to play like shit, and that will not do much for her reputation either.

Damned if she does, damned if she doesn’t, and trying to balance her attention between the two is hard. She makes a few mistakes here and there, leaks a few more times than she would ever want to admit, but she keeps pushing her way through this disaster of a concert, only ever pleased when she catches a glimpse of Aether in the front row, still seeming to enjoy himself. As long as he is having a good time, then she can count this as a success, and by the time she has reached the end of her set, she thinks she can say that she managed to pull that off without too much trouble.

Now, there is just the matter of finally taking care of her bursting bladder. She is quick to flee from the stage once all is said and done, hurrying to try and find somewhere, anywhere, private enough for this. Xinyan does not have the time that she needs, and just when she thinks she is a suitable distance from the crowds, she is forced to stop running, all the movement having jostled her more than she could handle.

Her knees buckle, and she tries holding herself, tries bouncing rapidly in place, tries praying, but nothing can buy her the remaining time that she needs. It is already too late for her, and with a sigh, she loses control, moving her hand just in time so that she does not get wet as her stream of urine soaks through her panties, and into her shorts.

Her shoulders sag as she lets it all out, pissing herself completely and letting her aching bladder empty. This is far from ideal, but at the very least, it happened far enough from the stage that no one saw her. She is going to have to find some way to avoid Aether and change, which might throw him off, since they were supposed to hang out after this, but she can deal with that, as long as it means that he does not find out what happened to her tonight-

“Xinyan?” a voice calls from behind her. Slow and horrified, she turns her head to look over her shoulder, seeing Aether standing right there, gawking at her. Judging by the look on his face, he saw everything.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*010*2021-10-25 13:40

Eula has been teaching Aether how to dance for what must be a couple hours now, and while she is impressed with his patience and dedication, with the fact that he has not so much as complained about being tired or even asked for a break, she is more concerned with the fact that she needs a break, and would never admit something like that to him. She had assumed, for some time now, that he would surely be getting tired soon enough, and eventually ask her to stop, but he has not yet, and there is no way she will be the one to break that ice.

Eula is used to forcing herself past her limits when practicing, has done so since she was a little girl. And so, she has danced with a full bladder more times than she can count, and always been forced to make it to the end, never once disgracing herself by so much as admitting to her need. So, why should this be any different? Why should she feel any worry about that, when Aether is still holding out without any trouble?

With that in mind, she tells herself that she can keep holding out for as long as she needs to. Until this lesson is done or until Aether has excused himself, and not a moment before. And no trying to shorten her own lesson, no matter how badly she made need to pee, the need getting more distracting by the moment. She is going to do this all perfectly to the letter, because if Aether is going to show interest in one of her passion, then she is going to make sure that it is done right, that they both take it properly seriously.

That being said, the movement does not make holding it any easier on her, her bladder jostled in such uncomfortable ways that she really is not sure how much more of this she can take. How long has she been holding back, for her need to already be this bad? She was not paying attention, which was careless on her part, and something that she needs to try and improve at, before their next lesson. Right now, Eula can only think of the future, not letting herself believe that anything could go wrong today.

As long as Aether does not catch onto her desperation, everything is going to be fine, because she is certain that she can hold it until time for a break, or even until she is done with him for the day, if need be. She is stronger than all of that, after years of noble training, and a throb in her bladder that makes her repress a wince with every movement is no force to be reckoned with for her. Eula knows that she is stronger than that, that she is stronger than any of this, that she is going to be just fine.

Except she is starting to doubt, in the back of her mind. No matter how much she wants to pretend that she does not have any sort of doubt, the throbbing of her bladder, made worse by the jostling of her dance moves, is getting to the point that there is nothing she can do to shut it out, and Aether still does not do anything to indicate that he might be getting tired, that he might want to take a break. Eula should just call it off now, pride be damned, before she causes worse problems for herself.

But she doesn’t, because she can’t just say pride be damned, and she can’t forget it for even a moment. Eula has no choice but to keep going, too ashamed to admit she needs a break. She presses on and she presses on, ignoring the fact that she could easily put a stop to this at any time, until it all becomes too much for her. Even then, she grits her teeth and steels herself further, as if this could be enough to stop what is already happening.

The dam has burst, and all she can do is freeze up where she is, in the middle of trying to explain the next set of steps to Aether. She has her fists clenched at her sides, trembling, and he notices right away the way she breaks off, the way she is shaking, the way she has her thighs tightly pressed together. And then he notices the dark spot spreading on her clothing, and though he can’t believe it, he understands what is happening to her.

Standing right there in front of him, Eula begins to wet herself, and there is no longer anything that she can do to stop it. She has pushed herself too hard, and now it is all rushing out of her at once, soaking through her clothes, making a mess of the floor beneath her, a puddle growing at her feet. The shame is greater than anything that she has ever experienced, because this should not have happened, and it should not have happened in front of Aether. She should be better than this, but she isn’t, and now she has completely disgraced herself in front of him because she would not just ask for a break.

Because he wouldn’t ask for a break, she tries to insist to herself, willing to do anything she can to try and push away the shame. If she can just blame it on him, if she can just be angry with him…it won’t do anything to change what he thinks of her, but she finds herself growing defensive all the same, putting up the walls she is so used to. Trembling as her stream slows to a stop, completely soaked and with her face red with shame, she looks up at him, tears welling up in her eyes.

“I will have vengeance for this,” she tells him, her voice breaking a bit. The last thing she expects is for Aether, in response to all of this, to pull her into a tight hug.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*011*2021-11-03 14:03

A/N: Pee drinking for Xiangling's birthday

The dish that she is making requires constant effort, and hours of work. Aether has insisted that she does not have to make anything so extravagant for him, that anything she makes for him is going to be a wonderful treat, but she has insisted. Now that they have been together for quite a while, getting closer by the day, she wants to do something to show him her feelings. That means that she has to work hard on this dish, a Xiangling original that she is certain he is going to love.

Well, he should, considering the fact that she almost entirely based it off of his tastes, creating it just for him. The only problem is how long it is going to take. She should have been better prepared for this, because she is already too deep into it, but she can’t even think about stopping right now.

It is not a lack of proper ingredients, or anything like that. She made sure that she had all of that prepared, and that she had all of her supplies on hand as well. She knows what it takes to make intense dishes like this, and knows that she can’t leave her station for even a moment, so she would not leave something that essential out. However, in her excitement, there was another step that slipped her mind, and she realizes much too late that she did not go to relieve herself before all of this got underway, and now, she has to pee.

And rather badly, at that.

She has tried to ignore the growing need from the start, but things are getting to a point that ignoring it is no longer an option. Xiangling knows that she can’t just walk away at such a critical point, at any point in her cooking, and she also can’t ask Aether to just step in and help her. For one, this is supposed to be a gift from her to him, and it seems off to have him helping her with that, but even if it weren’t, this is something she has come up with all on her own, with no written directions on how to make it, no way to explain it better than she can do it herself.

No matter how she looks at it, she is alone in this, and her situation is getting so bad that she can’t even stand still. Trying to focus on cooking and on holding it will end up splitting her attention too much for either to be effective, and the more she thinks about it, the more time she is wasting one way or another. She is out of luck no matter how she looks at it, but wetting herself in the middle of cooking, just to rid herself of that distraction, is not something that she wants to do either, not wanting to have to deal with the clean up, or what Aether might think of her for openly doing something like.

But he notices her discomfort before she can think of anything else, asking, “Is something wrong?” She considers denying it, because it is rather embarrassing, but the truth is going to come out eventually. Xiangling knows that she is only going to get worse from here, and if he can tell that there is a problem now, then he will be able to tell for sure once she’s dancing in place while trying to cook.

“I’m fine, I just really need to pee,” she replies, even though she isn’t sure if she is fine. “I should have thought about that before I got started, but, well, it’s too late for that now!”

“Is there anything I can do to help?” he asks.

“I wish, but I really can’t let anyone do this one but me. Don’t worry about me, I’m sure I’ll…” She trails off, not wanting to make any promises that she knows she can’t keep.

“Well, maybe I can’t help you by cooking for you, but I could do something else,” Aether suggests. When she turns to look at him, only taking her eyes off her work for a moment, she can see that he is blushing a bit, and that makes her wonder what it is that he is trying to suggest.

When it sinks in, she says, “Oh, you’re going to get me something to use while I’m standing here? That…would honestly be a big help.” It’s even more embarrassing to admit she needs that, let alone do that, but she isn’t seeing any other options here.

However, Aether stammers, “N-not exactly what I was thinking…”

“Huh? Then what were you thinking?” She doesn’t want to rush him, but she is getting more desperate by the moment, and can’t really stop squirming anymore. Whatever his solution to her problem is, she wants to hear it.

“I could maybe, um…I could drink it? Then you wouldn’t have to stop?” he says, sounding unsure even as he does. Xiangling is immediately thrown by such a strange suggestion and yet, the fact that she does not feel like rejecting it right off the bat…the fact that she feels a little pang of arousal as her first reaction. It almost seems like something she should just go with, and not spend too much time thinking about.

“If that’s what you really want to do,” she replies, “then I’m fine with it.” And it’s true; she also knows that, if he is the one suggesting it, it must be something he is at least curious about. In that way, she couldn’t bring herself to shoot it down right away.

“Alright, let me just…”

She is able to keep working, with Aether doing this as carefully as possible, so that he does not jostle her too much. He gets down and gets her shorts and underwear out of the way, and then he gets into position. For just a moment, Xiangling is not sure if she can do this, getting nervous at the last second, but her desperation wins out in the end, and she lets go, relaxing right away.

It feels so good to be able to let go after holding it to the point of it getting painful, and there is something so exciting, feeling Aether’s mouth down there, knowing that he is drinking down every last drop, that he loves to do so. She never would have expected this from him, but she is glad that he offered it.

By the time her bladder is empty, she feels worlds better, and Aether has minimized the mess, only getting a few stray drops on him that he can wipe away. He gets her clothes back in place, and it is almost like it never happened, except for how relieved she feels, and how turned on she is. The latter makes it a little hard to keep focus, but she manages, seeing it through to the end and creating a culinary masterpiece, perfectly befitting the man she loves, the man willing to drink her pee so she didn’t have to stop cooking it.

Though, that being said, considering how much he loves it, it’s not like that was any great effort for him.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*012*2021-11-20 21:40

A/N: Pee drinking for Keqing's birthday

Aether makes everything a lot more efficient for her, that is for certain. Before he came around, it really was a lot harder to keep everything moving smoothly. The little breaks that she had to take when her need got out of hand cut into her productivity, and Keqing has never liked that. She likes to keep moving and keep working as much as she can, because there are a lot of things to be done, and not a lot of time to do them in.

Before he came along, her desire to keep working no matter what was almost more than she could handle. The needs of her bladder are a pain in the ass in particular, because she can’t skip out on hydration, but it never takes long before whatever she has had to drink has made it to her bladder, and then she is left trying to fight against it for as long as she can, trying to focus beyond how much it is driving her crazy, the throb of her growing desperation nagging at her and stealing her attention no matter how she tries to ignore it.

There were more close calls than she would ever want to admit, some so close that she ended up with rather wet panties. Never enough to show to anyone, and certainly never enough to qualify as a full loss of control, but such close calls that she knew that something had to change. And then along came Aether, so in love with her and so desperate to please, and every bit as devoted to her cause as she is.

She is not sure if he is just devoted because he is this infatuated with her, but either way, it does not matter, just as long as he is willing to help out with all of that. If it can make her job easier, than he is going to do it, because he assures her that he wants to see her job get done. He also seems to have no problem with drinking her piss in general, and acts as if it is a dream come true the first time that she suggests it, as if he has just been waiting for her to give him the chance to do it.

Okay, Aether is honestly a strange kid, but that doesn’t really change her opinion of him, not at all. Keqing fell for him because of how weird and dedicated and simple he can be, and she is willing to take advantage of every little bit of that. Now that she has him with her at every moment, she doesn’t have to stop and take brings, just as long as the two of them are alone. If they are alone, she can get him to do his job the instant that she feels the urge coming on, and even if they are not along, it is never that long before she has her chance.

Her close calls become a thing of the past, though Keqing has noticed that he does seem to like it more when she has had to wait for longer, when her bladder is so full that there is more for him to drink. The signs are definitely there that this is just something that he likes, something that he would have wanted to do for her one way or another, something that he might have even offered to do, if she had never asked him.

Again, he is a really strange kid.

Today, she has been rather busy, all over the place and not alone with him all that often. She can feel her need to pee growing, but she is not worried about it. They will have their chance, and it will not cut into her schedule at all. Everything is so much more efficient with him around, which just makes her adore him that much more. Even if she is not the best at showing her feelings outright, she knows that he knows how she feels, that she would not let him see her so vulnerable if she were not every bit as crazy about him.

Things go just a little bit longer than she expects, and if she is being completely honest, she’s bursting by the time she is able to get Aether to herself. But he knows her well enough that she does not even have to ask for him to know what he needs to do. He is on his knees beneath her in no time at all, removing her panties so that he can get in position. She feels his lips against her, his mouth open and waiting, and she knows from experience that he can handle it all, that she does not even have to start out slowly for him to be able to take it.

So Keqing just lets go with a sigh of relief, so glad to be able to empty after all this time. She would never admit that it was getting a little bit bad for her, would never admit that she had started to worry, but she also knows that she had no real need to worry about it. After all, she has Aether, and as long as she can get alone with him, she can make it, and she can always find an excuse to disappear with him for a moment.

The relief is astounding, and there is quite a bit of it to be swallowed down. Aether does not miss a beat, doing his job just like he is supposed to, and he is still right there by the time she has finished emptying her bladder completely. He waits until he knows that there is nothing left before he pulls away and gets her clothing back in order, so that the two of them can get back to work.

Yes, things are a lot more efficient now that Aether is here with her, and she would not trade him for anything in the world. She has no idea where she would be without him there to drink her piss at every turn, and treat it as if she has given him the greatest sort of reward.

*013*2022-03-25 14:59

A/N: I fell off on posting these here, but I will do what I can to get caught up on that. For today, I will be posting the Sucrose fic!

This experiment was not supposed to run for this long, but there is really nothing that Sucrose can do about that now. After all, she is in for the long haul, and can’t exactly give up now, when she has already made it so far. The fact that she has to pee so badly is just something that she will have to deal with, until time is up, until she is able to take a break to go relieve herself.

But if she lets it get ruined now, when she is still in the middle of it, then all the time that she has spent on this will be a waste. Rather than having it all be for nothing, she will keep focusing on the task at hand while she squirms in place, her bladder continuing to protest for relief, her mind struggling to stay clear as she ignores that.

The need has been building up for a while now, and by the time she realized that it was getting to be too much for her, she also realized that this has been going on longer than it was supposed to. If she had gone beforehand, she is not even sure if it would have made much of a difference, because she really did not feel like she needed to go back then. No, it has been the time since the experiment started that her bladder has begun to fill like this, but she knows that she can put up with it, just a little while longer.

At least, she hopes that she can put up with it a little while longer. Truth be told, she has never had the strongest bladder, but in a situation like this, she has to put it to the test, has to push herself on and on, so that she does not ruin her experiment all for something like that. Still, there is only so much that she can take, and the harder she pushes herself, the more she wonders if she should take the risk.

Ultimately, no matter how many times she goes through it in her mind, it never seems worth it, even if she considers the fact that she might not be able to hold it. She can’t waste the effort that she has put in, but she also does not want to wet herself. What is she going to do to make sure both things don’t happen? It is hard enough for her to think when she is this busy, and harder still to focus when she has to also focus on keeping her bladder in check.

All in all, it takes Sucrose time to come up with any sort of solution, even though the one that she eventually comes upon is so obvious that she is embarrassed she did not think of it sooner. She is also rather embarrassed to even consider doing it, but it is a lot less embarrassing than peeing herself, that much is for certain. Besides, there’s nothing to be embarrassed about when she is here all by herself. All she has to do is find some sort of container that will contain it all, and then she can use some of her lab equipment to take care of the problem.

Sure, it might seem a bit drastic, but she is in a pretty dire situation right now, and that could save her, all without having to put her experiment at risk. That is the beauty of having her privacy in here, she thinks to herself, just before she starts her search for the equipment that will do the job just right. Sucrose knows that she is on the verge of completely losing control, squirming in place, knowing she doesn’t have much time life.

She has a glass vial that should be a good size in hand, just in time for the door to swing open as an all too familiar voice calls out to her. Of course, Sucrose was the one who gave him permission to come by any time; she may have even requested that he come to see her today in particular, and just forgotten about that. It doesn’t really matter, because all that matters is the fact that Aether has just come in, and Sucrose is not ready to deal with him right now, not when she was about to pee in a vial because she is so close to wetting herself.

“Um, come back later!” she blurts out right away.

“Oh, I…sorry?” Aether blinks, confused. He does not move right away though, as if trying to process what it is about this situation that is different from any other time that he was allowed to drop in on her unannounced hang around to watch her work. That slight delay is all that it takes to completely ruin her chances of making it, the time she needed to get her clothes out of the way and her vial in position. Instead, she finds herself completely losing control, right here in front of Aether.

She does try to stop it, for all the good that does when she has pushed herself this far. But there really is nothing that she can do about this situation, not when she is left doubled over, her bladder emptying of its own accord. Of course Aether is staring at her, because he was still trying to process the situation, so while Sucrose can feel her shorts soaking through, until it is all running down her legs. There is just so much, when she had been so full, and though this part feels good, it’s not enough to make her forget that this is happening right in front of Aether, and that there’s no way she is ever going to be able to recover from this humiliation.

By the time she is completely empty, her face is red and so is Aether’s. Sucrose has no idea what to do in this situation, other than immediately repeat, “Come back later!”

Aether, however, intends to stay right here, in the hopes that he can help.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*014*2022-03-26 17:18

A/N: Rosaria time

Rosaria does not often let herself get drunk. She can enjoy drinking without making herself vulnerable, without taking the risks that come along with that. Up until now, there has never been anyone she trusted enough to have her back. However, since she first met Aether, things have been different, steadily growing up to this point. Now, she feels like she might be ready for something like that. She feels like she can trust him to look after her if she needs it, so that she can finally cut loose and really enjoy drinking.

Aether is more than willing to help her with that, happy to do anything for Rosaria and still hardly believing that she actually feels this way about him, that she is actually completely willing to let him get this close to her. It still feels like something out of a dream, so he is determined to protect her from anything tonight. He just does not realize the biggest risk posed to her comes from within.

Rosaria is not used to this at all. It has been so long that she forgot what it was like, and definitely forgot that, unless she kept tabs on her bladder, it would be all too easy to get distracted from that, and that she could just forget about it until it got way too urgent. Naturally, Aether would not think of something like that either, and even if he did, it is not likely that he would think she would need him to remind her to go to the bathroom.

But then the night is reaching its end, and Rosaria is starting to realize, behind the haze of her thoughts, that she has a very pressing problem. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing now, which is so strange, considering the fact that she did not notice it filling up to this point, that she had no idea that it was even filling at all. She went from not feeling the need at all to suddenly being so desperate to go, and not sure what she could do about that fact.

“We should get going,” she mumbles, and Aether agrees, still oblivious to the problem. Even in her current state, she is embarrassed to bring that up to him, and would rather take care of this more discreetly. If only she could remember where the nearest public bathroom is…

The public bathroom situation in Mondstadt is honestly abysmal, but that has never been much of an issue for her personally before. She can handle her drink, never goes too hard- besides tonight, and is careful when she is sober. Tonight is a rare occurrence where she is bursting, painfully aware of how hard it is to find a bathroom, and not used to needing to know where they are. And now she has to walk through the streets, the cold of the night making it that much harder for her to hold it.

Aether walks alongside of her, giving her concerned looks. This must be even worse than she realized, if he is able to tell that something is wrong with her. Either that, or she is not nearly as good at concealing it as she would have hoped to be, and she is actually making it all too obvious that she is having a hard time. The embarrassment from that is almost as bad as the need itself, but not quite. Not quite, because she really can hardly take it anymore, having to pee worse than she can ever remember, feeling like she might be on the verge of losing control.

As if she would ever let that happen…but does she really have any choice right now? All of this is too much for her, and she does not actually have the experience that she needs to keep this under her control. She can hardly walk at this point, each step sending sharp pains through her body, radiating from her overfull bladder. When a hot jet of urine leaks out of her, soaking into her panties, she really does not know how she is supposed to keep holding it, or how she is supposed to keep her cool.

“Um, Rosaria?” Aether speaks up. Judging from his red face, he knows exactly what is going on with her, and he is slow to speak, as if trying to choose his words so carefully. “We can…we should just go back into the teapot, don’t you think? I mean, it is getting awfully late. Unless you had somewhere else that you wanted to go!”

He does not mention how badly she obviously needs to pee, and does not make it so that she has to admit it. Rosaria would feel a lot more grateful to him if not for the fact that she can’t bring herself to muster up anything but humiliation and desperation right now.

She is on the verge of losing control, but in the teapot, she knows where to go to empty her bladder. It is a short walk once they are inside. All she does is nod, and Aether is ready to bring her in with him. Relief is in sight, then she can thank him for his thoughtfulness, and they can put all of this behind them. At least, that is what she thinks, until she is standing right outside his house, and she realizes it is already too late.

It happens all at once, so suddenly that Aether does not notice. He moves forward to open the door, but then he stops to look back at her, to see why she is not following him in. That is when he sees her, piss running down her fishnet covered legs, and splashing to the ground beneath her, right there on his doorstep. And, try as he might, he can’t bring himself to look away.

While Rosaria is lost in humiliation, not sure how she could have lost control like this, not sure how it ever could have gone this far…Aether has to question why he can’t stop looking, and wonder just how he is going to explain himself. His explanation will become especially difficult if she happens to notice just how visibly turned on he suddenly is.

*015*2022-03-27 16:21

A/N: Beidou time

Beidou has definitely let herself get carried away tonight, in the worst way possible, though she does not really realize it. It takes a lot to get her so drunk that she makes any serious errors, but having Aether on her ship with her has left her in the mood to celebrate, and so, she has done quite a lot of celebrating, drinking way more than she should have.

And now that she is that far gone, she decides that it is high time she stop hiding her feelings from him. Aether has completely captured her interest, from the moment they first met, and she knows that she is not the only one that interested in him. If she isn’t careful, someone else might snap him up, and that is the last thing that she wants. If she has any spine at all, she will make sure she makes the first move, not letting something like that happen to her.

So now that she is drunk enough to not worry about anything else, it seems like the perfect chance to just go for it. She is not worried about how Aether might react, she is not worried about her potential rivals for his affection, and she is definitely not worried about the state of her bladder, or the fact that she has had way too much to drink and that that is really starting to hit her. If she were sober, she would have pissed by now, or she would be starting to get anxious about finding a place to take care of things, but she could not care less in her current state.

As things go, she barely even registers the fact that she has to go, as she climbs on top of him, taking him by surprise. He looks up at her, stammering, “B…Beidou? Um, what are you doing?”

“Come on, isn’t that obvious?” she asks, in a teasing tone of voice. “You’ve got a woman all over you, and you still expect me to believe that you’re that dense?”

“I just…wanted to make sure that I didn’t…” He trails off, not sure what to say, having absolutely no experience with this sort of situation.

“You didn’t,” she replies, before pressing her lips to his. It is so easy to let herself get swept away in her desires her, and sitting on his lap like this is definitely enough to excite the two of them. While she kisses him, letting it get very heated, she can feel him getting hard beneath her, unable to resist reacting like this when he has Beidou on his lap.

He must have wanted her as badly as she wants him, and now, she is that much more certain that making a move today was the right decision. All the while, her bladder remains forgotten, while she tangles her fingers in his hair and kisses him like she has wanted to kiss him from the moment that she first laid eyes on his cute face. Each throb is pushed aside in favor of the way that Aether moans into her open mouth, as she shows him just what he has been missing, not having an experienced woman like her to show him the ropes. By the time she is done with him, there will be no doubt in his mind that she is the only one for him.

Who cares if she might have to piss a little bit right now? In her mind, she is sure that she can keep waiting this out, that she has endured way worse before, not realizing that ignoring it means that she is also ignoring just how much worse it has gotten, and that she really has not endured that much worse than this. Not to mention the fact that ignoring the urge is not the best way to go about holding back, and that this is something that she really should not gamble with while she is sitting on Aether’s lap, grinding against one of his legs and making out with him.

It happens so suddenly that she does not even realize what is happening to her. One second, she has managed to forget it all over again, and the next, she is completely losing control, so fast that there is nothing she can do to try and regain that control, the situation much too late to be saved. And she is still right on top of Aether when it happens, so there is no way he can miss the fact that Beidou is pissing herself.

All at once it hits her what she is doing, and she pulls back from the kiss, but is too stunned to do much more than that. She sobers up pretty quickly as her bladder empties, soaking her clothing and soaking Aether beneath her. While Beidou tries to process her own humiliation, Aether has to process what the hell is happening to him and, once he has registered the fact that Beidou is, in the middle of trying to seduce him, suddenly pissing on him, trying to process just why he is immediately that much more turned on by that fact.

He was already into all of this, no doubt about that, but things are different now. What started as a slowly building arousal has exploded into the most horny he has ever been in his life, achingly hard and certain it is because of the warm liquid soaking into his pants right now. The flustered look on Beidou’s face, an expression he never thought that he would see on the pirate, does not hurt matters at all, and while she is trying to come to terms with the fact that she has just pissed herself on her young crush’s lap, he is trying to come to terms with the fact that he is definitely into that sort of thing.

It might take several minutes for them to figure out to address any of this, but at the very least, thing are going to work out just fine.

*016*2022-03-28 17:47

A/N: Kokomi birthday pee

Kokomi has had a long and rough day. She is used to being run ragged, her duties always taking a toll on her, but today has been even more intense than usual, and she is really not sure how she is supposed to take all of this. Still, she does her best, and does not let her exhaustion show, but she can never recall being so busy in all her life, and that means that she really does not have time to worry about anything beyond what is right in front of her, and keeping up her brave face.

Which, of course, means that she does not have a chance to take a break for any reason. She does not want to bring up the fact that she needs to pee to anyone, and risk looking weak for that. It is an embarrassing thing to admit to, no doubt about that, and she would rather just keep holding it until she is finally free, than call attention to the fact that her bladder has been steadily filling all day, and is finally getting to be too much for her to deal with.

She is glad when things are finally starting to wind down, because she feels absolutely dreadful. Her energy is lower than it has ever been, and her bladder is throbbing, making her feel all the worse. Each step that she takes causes fresh waves of pain from her lower abdomen, and she just can’t wait to be alone, and be done with that bit of agony.

As soon as she is free, she is on her way back to her room, eager to just spend the rest of the day on her own. It hurts to walk, so much so that she has to take this at a much slower pace than she would prefer. Going too fast might result in her leaking or losing control, but when she takes it this slow, she also worries that she will not be able to hold it until she makes it back. No matter what she does, Kokomi only has reason to worry, and she can’t believe that she had to let it get this bad. She hopes that she never has to deal with another day like this.

Privacy is the only thing she needs right now, both because of her desperation and simply because her energy is low and she can’t handle being around people anymore. After performing all of her duties, the only thing she ever wants to do is take some time to herself, so that she can recharge with a book, and be ready for the next exhausting day. There is no one at all she would want to see right now, no one except-

“Kokomi? Are you finally free for the day?”

Aether has been a good friend to her, from the moment she first met him. It’s hard to describe what it is about him, but he doesn’t make her feel like the others do. When she is with him, she does not feel like her energy is drained at all, and sometimes, he even makes her feel better, even after the most stressful of days. In a lot of ways, the traveler is her saving grace, and she is glad that she was lucky enough to meet someone like him. On any other day, she would be glad to see him, would think that he is just what she needs after such a stressful and busy day.

Right now, however, she does not want to see anyone, not even her favorite person.

“I’m done with my duties, yes,” she replies, trying to keep the strain out of her voice. Obviously, he is going to want to spend time with her, and she would rather like that, so that she can start to feel better. However, she is going to have to get her privacy first, and the idea of admitting her predicament to him is so embarrassing that she is not sure if she can pull it off or not. She doesn’t want to blow him off or be rude to him, but she also doesn’t want to come out and say that she has to rush off right now, because she feels like her bladder is going to burst.

In her current state, she is not even capable of thinking of a decent excuse, mind going blank when she tries to think of a lie that won’t be rude, and one he can believe. She just shuffles in place, while Aether starts talking to her, and she can’t even listen to what he says, because she is so much more worried about her own predicament. If this goes on much longer, she isn’t going to make it- truthfully, she is not sure that she can even now, so she has to make her excuses, even if she has to be rude to him.

She hesitates too much, her feelings for Aether clouding her judgment, and the situation she ends up in is far worse than what she was already trying to avoid. Rather than blowing him off and creating a misunderstanding, she loses control, and right in front of him, begins to wet her shorts. Whatever he was saying to her is cut off as soon as he realizes what is happening, eyes widening as he stares her down, unable to bring himself to look away from her moment of pure humiliation.

Kokomi can’t believe this is happening to her, and even as the relief washes over her, the humiliation outweighs it in every regard. Today has just been too long, too much for her to deal with, and just when she thought that she was in the clear, it was too late for her. Worse, it had to happen right in front of Aether, who continues to stare at her in shock, neither of them able to think of anything to say, even long after she has finished emptying her bladder.

*017*2022-03-30 15:39

A/N: Shenhe birthday pee

Shenhe likes Aether. She likes him quite a bit, and because of that, she wants to do whatever she can to win him over. Since she is such a strong individual, praised often for the results of the special training she went through while growing up, she figures that that is the best way to impress him. And, if she is going to impress him, she needs to put in even more effort than she normally would, because Aether is quite an amazing person as well. The average bit of flaunting is not going to do the trick, not for someone like him.

This thought process often leads to her pushing herself a lot more than she should. She is strong, but she still only human, despite what most would assume about her at a first glance. That means that she has her limits, and that there is only so much she can do before those limits start to make things difficult for her. That does not mean that Shenhe has actually considered that fact, though.

No, when it comes to going after what she wants, she can be a bit single minded, and lately, Aether is the only thing on her mind. She wants to do whatever she can to really get his attention, and so, she spends countless hours training with him, pushing herself to the limit, and hoping this is all that it takes to win him over. One way or another, he is going to be hers.

She does not pay attention to her bladder much on this particular day. On any day she is with him, really, but today, it is going to be her downfall. Shenhe is a bit more full than she usually is when they start out together, so that means she is only going to continue to fill, and if she is not even paying attention to what is going on, there is no way that that could end well for her. She has her limits, whether she is willing to acknowledge those limits when she has her eyes on the prize or not.

After a while, these limits start to slow her down a bit, her desperation growing to the point that it is impossible to completely ignore. Even in that case, she does what she can to push it out of her mind and tries to return to her normal pace, something that is no longer possible for her. At first, Aether does not notice anything amiss, but eventually, he begins to pick up on it. He has gotten used to the way Shenhe moves, and he can tell that she is slower, a bit more clumsy, than usual. Though he does not know what the problem is at first, and just chalks it up to her having an off day in the beginning, he still notices the problem is there long before she is willing to acknowledge one.

It only gets worse as time goes on, and she struggles more and more to hide what the real problem. She knows that she needs to piss by now, knows that it is getting to the point that it is seriously hindering her, but in her mind, that is just more reason to keep things going the way they have been, to keep pushing herself so that she can prove her limits are not enough to hold her back. She is so far gone, so caught up in the mindset that this is what she needs to do to prove her strength to Aether, that there is no other choice for her.

In her mind, this is the one and only way to make sure that she is able to take him all for herself.

He begins to figure out what the problem is, realizing that it is not just an off day making her struggle like this, but rather, a battle with her bladder. Aether does not want to believe it at first, since it seems so strange for Shenhe to be in a position like that, but her stiff movements are getting harder to deny, and he is almost certain that she is slowing down so much because she needs to pee. He just does not understand why she wouldn’t say she needs to take a break, oblivious to her reasoning.

No matter what, she is able to keep going, ignoring her body as best as she can. At least, up until the moment that she can’t keep going, freezing in her tracks. At first, it just feels like one little leak, but then there is another, and another, and Shenhe is truly panicking, all while trying to convince herself this is not really happening, that something like this is impossible for her. For all the good that will do her in a situation where it is most definitely happening to her.

She is not able to stop her leaks, until they are much more than just leaks, until she is fully wetting herself, with Aether there to see it all. In a situation where she was pushing herself to look better in front of him, she has pushed herself so much that she has no doubt made herself look much worse, and as it all gushes out of her, soaking through her clothes and so obvious that she could never hope to hide it, she is at a loss for what she is going to do. There’s no way to hide it, and so, there is no way to cover for herself, no way to recover the situation, no way for her to win over Aether after all.

What she does not realize is, while she is worrying over what she has done, Aether is gawking at her, trying to figure out why seeing her like this makes him feel so strange. It will not be long before he figures out that he really likes this sort of thing, and while Shenhe will continue to try and find a way to redeem herself in his eyes, he will try and find a way to tell her that he rather liked her wetting herself.

*019*2022-04-06 20:32

A/N: Noelle time

Noelle is always willing to help anyone who might ask, because that is just the type of person that she is. Of course, she is a little bit more willing to help Aether, not just because she feels like she has a lot she can learn from him, but because she has grown quite fond of him. This is not something she feels like she can admit outright, so instead, she shows her feelings by assisting him in whatever way that she can, and hopes that, if something is meant to blossom between the two of them, that it will happen eventually.

Her feelings are actually returned, and Aether likes her quite a bit. That is the only reason that he goes to her for help so much- he wants the excuse to be able to see her, again and again. For a while, it is completely innocent, with Aether just wants to be able to spend as much time with Noelle as possible, but one day, things shift, and rather suddenly.

It all starts when he notices her slight discomfort. He can tell that she is trying to hide it from him, but he can still tell, because he knows her so well by now. After studying her a little bit longer, he realizes that what she is trying to hide from him is her need to pee. She fidgets ever so slightly, and there is a blush tinging her cheeks, and Aether understands that she is trying to hold it so that she can help him out.

She does not want to excuse herself, probably because she does not want to leave him when she thinks he is in need, or because she is simply too embarrassed to admit to that sort of problem. Knowing Noelle, it is probably a mix of both, and so, it is entirely up to him to help her out here, to let her go without forcing her to admit what is troubling her right now. He knows that, and yet, he feels no desire to actually do that.

The more time passes, and the more he gets to see her squirm, the less inclined Aether is to actually do anything to help her out. He doesn’t know why, but he just wants to see what will happen, how long he can push her before even her endurance wears out. There is a voice in the back of his mind, telling him that he is doing wrong, but he ignores that voice, and continues requesting her help throughout the day, with anything that he can think of, just to watch her squirm a little more, and to see if she will actually ask him for a break. He hopes that she never does, and he is at least starting to understand a little bit of why that is.

For whatever reason, he is turned on by the idea of her holding it, and even more turned on by the idea of her losing control. That doesn’t make what he is doing any more right; in fact, it only makes it that much more wrong, and yet, he can’t help himself. No matter how he tries to convince himself that his own curiosity is not worth putting Noelle through this, and no matter how well he knows that she is not going to stop assisting him unless he tells her he’s done, no matter how bad off she may be, he still can’t bring himself to actually do it.

So he just continues to watch her struggle, while she tries to hide it from him. It only becomes more obvious that she is absolutely bursting, and even knowing that she must be in pain is not enough to stop him. He does not just want to watch her struggle, he wants to watch her lose it, to see if she is really going to push things that far, instead of asking for a break that she does not need to as permission for in the first place.

Noelle never denies a request from him, even when her face is turning red from the effort of holding it in, even when she can’t stand still for even a second. By now, it would be obvious to anyone that she needed to pee, yet she still says nothing about it, while Aether plays dumb, as if he does not even notice the way she squirms right in front of him. But it is impossible to pretend not to notice when she finally does piss herself.

“Aether!” she cries out, as her knees buckle. “Don’t…don’t look at me, please!”

She seems so horrified that something like this could even happen to her, but of course, he can’t actually bring himself to look away. He has been waiting for this exact moment, for reasons unknown even to him, and now that he finally gets to see it, he is not going to miss a second. Noelle covers her face with her hands, trying to hide her shame, and he can watch her tights darkening as streams of piss begin soaking through them, beginning to form a puddle on the ground beneath her, once her stream becomes too intense.

And Aether is so hard right now that there is no way for him to try and conceal it. He has never been more turned on in all his life, and even knowing that it is wrong for him to be so into this, there is nothing he can do to pull back. After all, he could not even stop himself from pushing her to this point, so how is he supposed to turn away from what he has worked so hard to see?

As long as she keeps covering her face, Noelle will not see his very obvious erection, but once she does notice, there will be no way for him to hide it. Aether didn’t think this far ahead, so he can only hope that she ends up as into it as he is. Otherwise, he might be in a bit of trouble.

*022*2023-11-09 22:26

A/N: though this series has been discontinued, i'll be getting caught up on posting the fics I'd written before. Today's is Yun Jin, and involves piss drinking

Yun Jin does not get a lot of opportunities for breaks when she has such major performances, and she knows that. She has grown up surrounded by this sort of thing, and she is known for her success as a performer, so she knows better than to let herself get too carried away. However, she also has to do what she can to preserve her voice, and more often than not, that involves drinking a lot of water, which can take its toll on her.

Still, she has always fought to make sure that it is not an issue, though there are definitely times when things got rather dire. Fortunately for her, she now has some extra insurance, a back up plan to make sure that she never ends up in a dire situation again.

Tonight, all is going well, but it is not long before she starts to feel the pressure growing in her bladder. Now that she has found her extra insurance, she does not have to be quite as careful about how much she has to drink, so long as she does not over do it to the point that she is too desperate while still on stage. That means that she can hydrate herself a lot better, and avoid anything bad happening to her voice, but it also means that there is pressure in her bladder while she sings.

Yun Jin does her best to ignore it for now, knowing that all will be well just as soon as she has her very brief break. It would never be enough time to go find a bathroom, but it will be more than enough time for what she needs to do. And she knows that Aether will be waiting for her back there, ready to help her out just as he always does, now that the two of them have entered into a much more serious relationship. She knows that she truly is lucky to have someone like him who is not only that willing to help her, but also quite into what he has to do in order to help her, looking forward to his chance.

She just has to wait a little bit longer, ignoring the way that her bladder throbs as her need gets more intense. It may be true that she pushed it a little bit further than usual today, but the situation is still nowhere near dire, so she knows that she will be just fine, that she will survive that little wait until she is able to disappear backstage and take care of the problem.

No matter what, she never shows any signs that anything might be wrong while she is onstage. Her audience would never be able to tell just how full her bladder is by the way that she keeps singing, as strong and confident as ever, keeping them all completely entranced, just as she always does. Yun Jin has never slipped up in that regard, and she never intends to.

But she can’t wait for this part of the performance to be over, just so that she is able to empty her bladder as soon as possible. It is possible that her extra insurance is going to result in her getting a little bit spoiled, and that might lead to her losing some of her endurance, and getting a little too desperate before she can take her break, but for right now, she will enjoy this will she can, before she has to start training her endurance up all over again.

For right now, she is relieved when she is able to disappear for a few moments to some privacy, where she will only have Aether, and no one else. She is supposed to be alone back here, but this is where she keeps her boyfriend now, all so that he can do exactly what she needs. By now, he is such an expert that he is able to get it done quickly, without any help from her. All she has to do is stand still, with her legs slightly spread, holding her skirt up a bit, while he gets between her legs and removes her tights and her underwear, pulling them down enough that it leaves room for him to put his mouth to her pussy.

She does not have to worry about aim or about making a mess of herself, because Aether has this perfected too, and they made sure to practice plenty when she wasn’t on a short break, to make sure that he would be able to handle it when things were serious. Right now, all she has to do is relax her bladder, and his mouth is right there, to catch the stream of her urine while she lets out a little sigh of relief.

Already, Yun Jin feels so much better, just to be able to relax like this, and it only gets that much better as it continues, as he keeps drinking down every last drop of her urine. Aether is dedicated to this, not just because he loves her, but because he is quite the perfect, getting off on something like this. Yun Jin does not mind, because she is pretty sure she is a pervert as well, for even having the idea to begin with.

As soon as her bladder is empty, he has to quickly get her clothes back in order, and then she is on her way back out there to resume singing, all as if nothing happened. There is no time for her to reward Aether for his efforts, but she will make sure to do so later, when the two of them have the whole night to themselves. After all, that is what she does every time he assists her, but she knows that he will take care of his current needs as soon as she leaves him alone, touching himself while the taste of her piss still lingers in his mouth.

The thought leaves Yun Jin buzzing for the rest of her performance.

*023*2023-11-10 16:43

A/N: The girl of the day is Yoimiya!

Yoimiya loves to be able to share all the things that she loves with Aether, and that especially means festivals. So it stands to reason that she sometimes gets a bit carried away when she is at such events, not really thinking about anything other than that moment, enjoying every second that she gets to spend with the young man that she has come to care about more than anyone else in the whole world.

She wants to make sure that he has fun, and of course she wants to have fun, and nothing else seems more important than that. It is all too easy for her to get completely and totally distracted, not thinking about a few things that might be at least a little important. When she is moving so fast, talking so much, she does not think of anything at all, least of all how much she has had to drink, and the negative effect that might be having on her bladder, when she has not exactly stopped to take any breaks for as long as the two of them have been wandering the festival.

And once it is nearly time for the fireworks, the only thing that she cares about is going somewhere with the best view, so that she can enjoy them with Aether at her side, the only time during the whole event that she is going to be completely calm, completely silent. The two of them sit side by side, and she is so eager for it to start, but once she has stopped moving about, there is no longer anything to distract her.

It hits her all at once just how badly she needs to pee, and she realizes what a mistake that she has made. Of course, she can’t get up excuse herself now, when the fireworks are about to start, and there is no way that she will be able to make it back in time, so her only option is to sit through and worry about it after. She is just going to have to hold it, and she assures herself that she can do that, that she is going to be just fine.

By now, Aether knows to just sit quietly with her, knows that she prefers not to talk and just take it all in, but she hopes that he is as focused on the fireworks as she likes to be, so that he doesn’t notice if she happens to be just a little bit fidgety. She would be a lot more fidgety, but then she knows that she would cause a major distraction, and she really does not want to do that. Both because she doesn’t want him to know what’s wrong with her, and because she wants them both to be able to enjoy the show for what it is.

Once things get started, it is easier for her to put her need out of her mind again, at least a little bit, though there are still pangs that bring it back to the forefront of her mind. Her bladder throbs, and it is so hard not to squirm about and make a show of just how badly she needs to pee, but she has to keep her cool, at least a little bit. Aether is watching the fireworks right now, but he would definitely notice if she started moving around that much, and would definitely notice if she shoved a hand into her lap, holding herself like a little girl. This is far from the first time she let herself get desperate to watch the fireworks, but the last time was a long time ago, and she isn’t that little girl anymore. She’s older now, and needs to behave as such.

She loves the show as much as she always does, but it does nothing to ease up the agony that she is in. She needs to make a run for it as soon as this is over, even if that might seem rude to Aether. That is the only way that she is going to avoid completely soaking herself, which would be a lot worse. Aether will understand if she tells him that it was an emergency, so she just needs to hold it a little bit longer, and then everything is going to be just fine.

The finale is absolutely breathtaking, enough to bring tears to her eyes and make her forget, for just a moment, how much agony she is in right now. Everything would be perfect if not for this, and as long as she can take care of this quickly, then everything will go back to being perfect, and then, the whole night might as well have been, because who cares about a little incest where she got just a little bit too desperate?

With all that in mind, she is feeling a bit better about her situation, even though it has not gotten any better for her, and she still has to worry about making that long run. She is just getting ready to make a run for it, when Aether taps her shoulder, and when she turns to look at him, he pulls her into a kiss.

Joy fills her at first, because this is exactly what she wanted, just what she needed to make this night truly perfect. But then her joy is replaced with horror, because that was the last push she needed, the last distraction, to ensure that she never made it to the bathroom. While she and Aether are sharing their first kiss, perhaps finally making the jump from just friends to something more, Yoimiya starts wetting herself, and she is unable to stop.

Despite herself, she moans into the kiss, the feeling of relief coupled with the way he kisses her too great, and for now, he thinks that this is all for him. Soon enough, though, he is going to pull back and he is going to see what has happened, and she has no idea what she will do then.

*024*2023-11-11 21:57

A/N: Today, it'll be Ei, the second to last fic in this series

Ei is still getting used to things, as embarrassing as that may be. She is not used to this body, not used to using it so often, and having to deal with everything that comes with using such a body. There are needs that she has to remember to keep up with, so many things that she has to remember to do, and it is hard for her to keep up with all of that. One of the most pesky ones is remembering to go to the bathroom, something that she has not had to think about in quite a while.

It always seems to come up at the worst times, too. Perhaps that is because she never thinks about it until she is already nearly at her limit, and she is almost always busy with something, but either way, she finds all of it to be quite frustrating. If only she could just turn it off, but unfortunately, that is not an option for her. There are a lot of things that she can control, but the bladder in this body is not one of those things, and so, her only choice is to deal with it, and try to be more conscious of such things.

Unfortunately, that is a lot easier said than done, considering how easy it is for her to get distracted from it, over and over again. She does try, really, but there are times when it is far easier for her to get distracted, not paying attention to the way that her bladder slowly fills. The signals would be easy to pick up on, if she were used to it and knew what they meant, but because she has forgotten so much, and because she lets herself get so easily distracted, she finds herself pushing any signals away that she does not immediately understand, determined to make a good showing no matter what she is doing.

Right now, she is sparring with Aether, and in her mind, the goal is to push this body to its very limit, in order to prove her ability to the traveler that has caught her interest. There are not many out there like him, not many that leave her so impressed that she wants to impress them in turn. In fact, there has never been anyone that makes her feel quite the way that Aether does, and that just makes her all the more determined to show off in front of him, doing all that she can for reasons beyond her understanding.

But this body does have its limits, and she is only hurting herself by not paying attention to them. It is a learning process, but unfortunately, it seems that some of these lessons can only be learned the hard way, through trial and error. And, even more unfortunate for Ei, today is the sort of day where there will be less trial and more error, something that she can’t foresee as long as she does not understand her new limitations.

If, perhaps, she thought more about her limitations, she might even consider the fact that losing control and wetting herself is not the way to show her strength around Aether, but she does not think about that sort of thing at all. Instead, she just keeps thinking about the task that she has laid out for herself, which is pushing herself to her limit in terms of training, and showing Aether just what she is made of, not concerned in the slightest for what this body’s bladder might think of all that.

And so, she does not realize that she is desperate until it is already much too late for her to do anything about it. It hits her all at once, while they have paused for a moment, and it is enough to nearly knock her over, once it does hit, so intense that she hisses, her thighs clamping together as a hand reflexively darts between her legs, her body acting on memories she did not even know she still had. And, worst of all, all of this is happening while she is still with Aether, who can see every little thing that she does.

“Um…” He trails off at first, not sure how to address exactly what is happening in front of him, which only makes it that much more awkward for her. “Are you alright?”

“I’m…just fine,” she says, in a pained voice, as she forces herself to move her hand, and to try and stand normally again. It lasts for about a second before she snaps right back into that pathetic pose, and even so, that is not enough to save her from her humiliation. It still happens, and she still starts to wet herself, something that she wishes she weren’t familiar with, but it has happened a few times as she has struggled to get used to this body.

But it has never happened in front of anyone before.

Aether stares at her, because he has no idea where else to look, and Ei pisses herself like a little girl, and even looks like one, thanks to this reflexive pose that came back to her out of nowhere. It is terrible, and yet it feels so good, a the same time. Of course, no matter how good it may feel, she still realizes what a problem it is, and by the time her bladder is completely empty, Aether is still looking at her with confusion and concern on his pace, probably pitying her.

That is definitely not the impression that she wants to make on anyone, let alone Aether. Feeling like a hopeless little girl, she can’t help but turn to run from him, ready to do whatever it takes to escape this situation. She hopes that he will not follow after her, but he does, his concern too great. Ei can’t shake him, and she can’t shake the feeling that this is something she will never be able to live down.

If only she had noticed how excited Aether was.

