Kyogre's most powerful move (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-03 18:44

A/N: Too many characters to tag, but it's a silly little commission taking place in the Pokemon Masters universe where Kyogre can instantly fill people's bladders and Archie takes advantage of that

“You’re not going to be able to stop me!” Archie declares, facing off against May and Bettie. Now that he has Kyogre, there is nothing that either of them can do against him. Soon enough, he is going to achieve his goals here, and that is going to be the end of that. All he has to do right now is take them both down, defeating them in such a humiliating way that he knows they will be completely disheartened, and not have the guts to try and come after him again.

The idea that comes to him is a little different from what he thinks they are expecting from him, though. There are a lot of things he can do with Kyogre, most of them centered around actual battling, but the idea he gets is one that will attack the two of them more directly, and though it will not cause them any permanent harm, will not even hurt them that much at all, it is going to humiliate them thoroughly, and show them just what they are up against. The girls are not going to be able to keep up their fighting spirits under these circumstances, and then, he is free to terrorize Pasio as much as he wants.

“Kyogre!” he orders, pointing in the direction of the two girls. “Create a sea within them!”

The order probably sounds vague to the girls, who do not know what to make of what he is saying to them, but his partner understands it all perfectly, and that is all that really matters. The order is carried out so swiftly that neither know what has hit them- at least until each girl is overwhelmed by a sudden fullness in her bladder. It is all water, creating by the Pokemon, the attack strange but effective, because it renders both of them completely helpless as soon as it hits.

They are empty one minute, and then full to bursting the next, and neither Bettie nor May can handle this, much less keep their focus on the task at hand. Defeating Archie is suddenly not the number one priority, because neither of them have ever had to pee so badly in all their lives, and neither of them are going to be able to make it to a bathroom with how suddenly it has come on.

Bettie winces and jams a hand between her legs reflexively, trying to fight off this sudden and overwhelming need to pee, but there is nothing that she can do about it. The sudden amount of water that has appeared in her bladder is stretching it far beyond what it can normally handle. Even the slightest step will be enough to jostle it loose, and standing still like this is not much better, because it is only a matter of time before it all comes out. No matter how she looks at it, she does not have any sort of choice in the matter.

And then, as she is panicking over that, she loses control. Whimpering, she lets go of herself just in time to avoid her hand getting too wet, but that is all that she is able to save. As the contents of her bladder begin gushing out, she soaks through her panties, and then her shorts, a stain rapidly growing on them, spreading out, as she hangs her head in humiliation, the defeat too much for her right now.

May is not able to try and cheer her up, either. She is in just as much trouble, pushed to her limits right away, and in such a way that she is completely unable to try and resist it. Though she lasts a little bit longer than Bettie does, that does not amount to much. She has her thighs pressed tightly together, moaning and whimpering as she fights against it, not sure what she can even do to save herself from that humiliation, before she understands that there really isn’t anything she can do; she is already at her limit, and that is all there is to say about that.

With a moan, she lets go as well, wetting herself with a pathetic whimper, joining Bettie in their humiliating defeat. Archie watches the second girl thoroughly wet herself, a huge torrent of liquid gushing out of her. It is all pure water, since it was created by Kyogre, and much more than either girl would ever have been able to contain. Bettie is still soaking herself even as May is well into her accident, the flow of water never seeming to end, because Kyogre has done a very thorough job with them.

With the sea created in each of them, they could probably do their part to flood Pasio all on their own, he thinks to himself, chuckling. Actually, that isn’t the worst idea he has ever had; though he knows that would not actually help him much with achieving his goal, the process a bit too tedious to really be effective, he can at least have some fun with this, and put several more trainers in their place, making sure that they are all aware of what will happen if they try to mess with him.

And, perhaps he just enjoys watching the girls wet themselves. The desperation, despite being created by him and brought on all at once, is still genuine, and that is enough to give him quite the thrill. There are a lot of cocky trainers who want to stop him, from regions he has never even been to, and the idea of making them all quiver with desperation and wet themselves before him is too much for him to pass up. Now that he is able to leave May and Bettie behind, still coping with their gushing bladders and crushing humiliation, he is off in search of his next victim.

It seems that the alarm has already been sounded, because there are girls out on the lookout for him, ready to face off against him. Much like May, they seem to be pretty big deals from their home regions, and all are eager to try and take him down. If it were a normal battle, then there would be some of them that he might actually have to worry about, at least a little bit.

Kyogre is very powerful, but even so, there is that slight type advantage that some of the girls might have over him. Leaf, Lyra, Dawn, Selene, and Rosa are all girls that he might have had to worry about, or at least put some effort into battling, if not for the simple fact that he is not going to be careful about this at all. Hilda and Serena, however, would never have been an issue one way or another, but either way, he is not going to give them a chance to try. Kris is as neutral as May was, and Gloria, though armed with a legendary of her own, is really no match for him.

None of them are any match for him, because he never once intended to fight fair, always planning on using crushing humiliation to make sure that they do not even think about facing off against him again. Each one of them wants to come up against him, but each one of them is going to be met with the same fate that the other girls have been met with.

It is laughable, watching Gloria, looking so sure of herself with her own legendary partner, suddenly double over, hands pressed between her legs as she squirms so pathetically, trying to fight a battle that she has never had any chance of winning. With the sea that has grown in her bladder, she is completely out of luck now, and is not going to be able to fight against it, not going to be able to hold it back, as it continues to grow and swell beyond her control.

With her bladder forced to contain more than it can take, she has no choice but to start wetting herself, pure water gushing out of her and soaking into her clothes, a stain forming on the front of her dress before she has the good sense to move her hands and stop pressing the front of it into her crotch. By then, it is already too late, and she has soaked it so much that there is nothing she can do about it.

Selene is next, and he has her soaking her shorts in seconds, eyes widening as she realizes that Gloria’s accident was not just a sudden bout of misfortune. By now, the girls must know that fighting against him will lead to her meeting the same fate as the others, but none of them want to just let him through. They all want to try and put up a fight, but he soon sets his sights on Lyra, so that he can watch her thoroughly drench her overalls with the pure water that has filled her bladder, stretching it beyond what it is able to contain.

Lyra is completely humiliated by all of this,, but there is nothing she could have done to stop it from happening. Even trying to leave is not enough to spare any of these girls their fate, because Serena tries to bow out, tries to quit while she is ahead, knowing that her Fire type partner is not going to do her any good, but Archie does not let her get away.

Even while she is trying to flee, her bladder immediately begins to fill, swelling to the point that she is too desperate to even try to walk, forced to stop right where she is, and within just a few seconds, she is already wetting herself. Whether they try to fight him or try and run away, there is nothing that they can do to escape their fate, not when Archie wants to crush them so completely for even thinking about going up against him, and not when he gets such a thrill out of watching them wet themselves and succumb to their embarrassment.

It is a power trip like no other, and when Rosa tries to target him, hoping that she might be able to battle despite this strange phenomenon, there is nothing she can do to guard her bladder against this unusual and extremely potent attack from Kyogre either. She is every bit as helpless as the others, and so, she ends up every bit as wet. At that point, Hilda, despite her obvious disadvantage, wants to try and challenge him, to put a stop to this once and for all.

Needless to say, despite her tough attitude and her determination, there is nothing she can do either. She is every bit as powerless as the others, and does not even have the chance to see if her Pokemon can stand up in this situation, because she is already wetting herself, and every bit as shaken up by it. No matter how hard they try to fight it, the embarrassment is too much, such a strong shock to the system that it takes the fighting spirit right out of them.

Dawn wants to think that she will be able to put up a good fight, and tries teaming up with Leaf, the two of them hoping their advantage and their team work will be enough to overcome it. Instead, they just end up with double the embarrassment, and by that point, their group has just been reduced to Kris. She already knows that she does not have a chance, and when her bladder starts to rapidly fill, she does not even try to fight it, knowing that she is goign to end up wet one way or another. She might as well just let it out as it starts, so that she can reduce her pain a little bit.

Archie knows that these girls are all very strong trainers, but they have been completely wiped out like nothing at all. It shows that he is basically invincible when it comes to this situation. As long as he has Kyogre on his side, and as long as he is able to keep using his new, special move, what else can they do? And, at the same time, he gets to enjoy himself quite a bit, finding all of this to be very entertaining. By now, he is not even interested in waiting for others to come and challenge him, not when he can seek them out himself, and stop them before they even get the idea into their heads.

He knows the perfect place to start with that, an area of Pasio that is almost always densely populated: the Pokemon Center! It is bound to have plenty of trainers there for him to have his fun with, to completely humiliate before they even realize what is happening to them.

~X~

Erika and Jasmine are chatting with one another in the Pokemon center, going back and forth about nothing in particular. So far, the news of what is going on has not reached them yet. A lot of people are still relatively calm, because anyone who has been directly involved with Archie’s unorthodox attacks has ended up so soaked and embarrassed that they have had to go get themselves cleaned up, giving him ample opportunity to get far ahead of them.

That is why the Pokemon center is still cheerful and calm, and why the girls have no idea what is coming. The sudden urge hits Erika so suddenly that she has no idea what is going on. One minute she feels completely fine, completely normal, and the next, there is a sharp pain in her lower abdomen, and it takes her a second to even realize that it is coming from her bladder, because it has filled so suddenly. She can think of no reason why she would need to pee this badly, all without any warning, but there is nothing that she can do about that now.

She does not even have a chance to try and get away, no chance to think about where the nearest bathroom is, or ask herself if she can make it there before she loses control. It is already too late for her from the start, and so, she is completely hopeless. Doubling over, she presses her hands into her crotch, startling Jasmine with the sudden change in her demeanor, and then, she simply gives into the overwhelming sea that has begun filling her bladder, far beyond what it could ever hope to contain.

All at once, it begins gushing out of her, stunning Jasmine even more as she watches her friend start to wet herself, all with no previous sign that she had even had to pee. It is very confusing, and makes her wonder if she was keeping her, but Erika seemed to be enjoying the conversation, and was not at all acting like she was uncomfortable. Everything had seemed normal right up until this moment, and she does not think Erika would have had any trouble admitting that she needed to take a break, especially when their conversation was not all that serious.

But there she is, completely wetting herself, and there is so much of it, too. Erika is stunned into silence as it all continues to pour out of her, soaking her clothing and forming a puddle on the floor, growing larger by the second and showing no sign of stopping. She does not even remember drinking this much, so she has no idea what do, or how this happened.

“Um, Erika?” Jasmine asks, not sure if she should even say anything about this or not. “Are you okay?”

As soon as she asks it, though, she is hit by the same feeling that just plagued Erika. Of course, she does not know that is what started it, but she does know now that she has to pee, and worse than she ever has in her life. It makes no sense to her, but she does not have any more time to worry about this than Erika did. She is already getting to the point that she is far too desperate to keep holding it, and though she needs to do something about it, if she is going to avoid soaking herself, she finds that she can’t move at all.

Of course, it is already completely hopeless, and her knees buckle as the dam bursts for her as well. It is just too much, and she starts wetting herself as well, not understanding what is going on, but at least understanding that Erika’s accident must have been every bit as outside of he control as her own accident is. She hangs her head as her panties are quickly soaked through, her dress getting wet as well because there is just so much of it. Both of them have huge puddles now, spreading out to mingle with one another, and the liquid, which is so clear it looks to be pure water, is showing no signs of stopping.

They are not the only ones, either. One by one, every in the Pokemon Center succumbs to the wettings, with trainers in every corner doubling over. Tricia, Trinnia, and Trista are all left helpless against their suddenly bursting bladders, and Lillie, who has just entered the doors, is targeted almost right away. Mallow and Steven are both caught up in it as well, just as soon as both become aware that the trainers around them are in the middle of some sort of crisis.

It is all just too much for anyone to deal with, and with all that chaos left in his wake, Archie leaves without even having to make his presence known. Word is going to spread soon enough, so he needs to cover as much ground as he can, while he prepares for whatever they think they are going to do to try and stop him.

~X~

By the time people figure out what is going on, it is hard to figure out any sort of strategy to deal with this. There are a few ideas tossed around, but most of them are more than likely going to be useless. Even so, everyone wants to do what they can to prevent his from getting any worse. Archie has continued to target everyone he comes across, cackling all the while, loving the way that he is able to completely humiliated everyone that he is able to come into contact with.

With the help of Kyogre, he has created so much chaos on Pasio, and no one who has been left dry wants to be caught in that situation. It takes a long time for the torrent of water to stop, so those who have already been made to wet certainly do not want to be caught up in that again, especially not after they have finally gotten dried off and changed. And so, several plans are put together, with groups forming to try and fight the man who has begun “flooding” Pasio in a much different way than he originally planned to.

One of those groups is a collection of every psychic on Pasio, ready to use their abilities, as well as the abilities of their Pokemon, to try and find some way to block this, if such a thing is even possible. When they all band together, they hope they will be strong enough. Sabrina, Will, Liza, Tate, and Caitlin, along with a few psychic trainers who have agreed to join up with them, begin practicing, trying everything that they can to fortify themselves, hoping that this is an attack that they will be able to block.

Meanwhile, all across Pasio, Archie is continuing to wreak his special brand of havoc, with no one else able to stop them. No other plans have worked out, and most trainers are completely defenseless, not even able to think of a plan. While Wallace is just trying to get Lisia somewhere that neither of them can be targeted, Archie spots them from a distance, taking them both out in one swoop.

The uncle and niece are left clinging to each in their panic, just before they lose control, the pounding of their bladders immediately more than either of them can handle. Though they knew this was a risk, and that it is nothing either of them have any control over, that does not make them feel any better about the incident, both very distressed about ruining the perfect contest costumes that they were wearing. Granted, all contests were suspended for the time being, since no one is safe from the constant bladder attacks, but even so, they would rather look their best at all times, and Archie has really ruined that for the moment.

They are not the only celebrities on the island to get targeted and humiliated, either. It is easy for Archie to spot Elesa because, even in the midst of all this, she is still being swarmed by fans. She is trying to get somewhere safe, urging them to come along with her, but to not worry about anything right now, because it is more important to make sure they are not somewhere that Archie can see them. Unfortunately for her, her fans do not seem to listen, wanting so badly to have her attention for a little while, but fortunately for Archie, this means that he can target her directly without her even realizing that he is coming.

All of the sudden, standing in a crowd of people who think the world of her, Elesa starts wetting herself, water gushing from her suddenly full bladder, because she was unable to prevent this from happening. At the very least, her fans all start wetting not long after she does, so she does not have long to worry about her humiliation, but even so, being in a crowd of soaked people does not make her feel that much better about being soaked herself. When she looks up, she can see Archie standing in the distance, a smirk on his face before he turns to search for his next victim.

When he spots Diantha speaking with Brycen, he knows that he has gotten really lucky. He is not sure if they are just that caught up in their film discussion, or if they are genuinely clueless about what is going on. Hell, maybe they somehow thing that they will be able to stop him before anything happens, but they can’t even tell that he has set his sights on them, so that’s impossible.

It is Brycen who starts wetting himself first, targeted just a moment before Diantha. He has just that moment to feel that sharp humiliation, losing control of his bladder in front of an actress he greatly looks up to, before she joins him in that overwhelming shame, both feeling the way that their bladders are immediately filled to capacity and then beyond. It is such a strange and agonizing sensation, and the relief is not as blissful as it could be, not when they have the embarrassment of wetting themselves, whether it is out of their control or not, and the inconvenience of having their clothes thoroughly soaked.

Archie takes great pleasure in the misery of the two, before turning to head in another direction. He still has so much ground to cover, so many trainers that he has not made suffer at his hands yet, and he can’t wait to see who else will fall prey to him. At this point, he really does seem to be completely invincible, and though he is unaware of the specific plan meant to fight him, it would probably not do anyone much good. After all, he is going to keep going until someone manages to stop him, and as far as he can tell, there is no one actually capable of stopping him.

~X~

“Here he comes! Everyone, be ready!” Sabrina orders. Around her are the other psychics, all clustered together out in the opening. They were hoping to be able to lure him out like this, making themselves such easy targets that he could not resist. Then, the plan is to create their powerful psychic blockade, and hopefully ward off that attack for good, while also doing what they can to battle him. If they are able to subdue Kyogre, there might be a chance that they can put an end to this strange and humiliating chapter.

Archie is full of confidence as he makes his way up to the group, not seeming perturbed at all by the way they have gotten together, making it clear that they are trying to stop him. He just looks to them, then to Kyogre, before pointing and saying, “You know what to do to them. Each and every one of them.”

At first, it does not work. For a brief, unbelievable moment, they are all perfectly fine. They can tell that things are not going his way because he looks so genuinely frustrated, waiting for something to happen that he is sure already should have occurred. It seems like they might be able to do this, that they might be able to completely block this attack, as long as they work together. It is just about time to call in some backup to handle the battling, so that they can keep up their psychic shield, when it happens.

It is the small group of trainers that do not hold any notable positions in their home regions that lose out first, all nearly simultaneously. They all begin wetting themselves, wailing out in surprise, some falling to their knees in surprise, but all completely soaked as the water begins pouring out of them, the seas in their bladders just too much.

With that, their powers fade out, none of them able to focus on their defense when it has already failed them. That means it severely weakens the defense that the other psychics have created, and one by one, they begin to falter. The twins are mirror images of each other and they shove hands between their legs, neither able to handle just how badly they suddenly need to pee. Liza and Tate start wetting themselves at the exact same moment, both finding that their powers have completely failed them.

Though they are young, their powers are extreme, and they were a huge help in the defense set up by the group. Without them, it really begins to crumble, with the others starting to falter as well. Will does not have that much power to speak of, more relying on help from his Pokemon than anything else, so it is only natural that he is the next to fall, though once he feels his bladder starting to fill, he does his damnedest to hold back, as if he can fight it off all on his own.

Of course, he is every bit as helpless as everyone else has been. He can do nothing against his rapidly filling bladder, until it is already leaking, and then, he knows that he has lost. Letting go, he hangs his head, ashamed as the dark patch begins rapidly spreading on his pants. At this point, it is obvious that this battle is already lost, and that this plan has completely failed. It is just down to Sabrina and Caitlin, and though they are both formidable psychics, there is nothing the two of them can do against them, not without help, and certainly not after it was already proven that the help they had was not enough.

Neither have the willpower to keep trying to hold up their mental shields, and with that, Kyogre’s attack breaks through to reach both of them as well. Caitlin gasps and doubles over at how intense it suddenly is, while Sabrina does what she can to keep her composure, pressing her thighs tightly together, for all the good that will do now that it is already over.

She is completely calm to the end, even as her bursting bladder begins to leak just seconds after filling. At that point, she does not try to keep holding it back, letting it all flow out of her, running down her legs while she stares at the ground beneath her, keeping a neutral expression on her face in order to hide just how ashamed she really is right now.

Caitlin has her hands jammed into the front of her dress, trying to hold herself, but there is no holding back this flood. With a soft groan, she loses out, the front of her dress quickly darkening before she even has a chance to remove her hands and try to salvage it. It’s not like there is much point in that either way, because almost everyone is soaked, and those who are not soaked are going to be soon enough.

It will not be long before everyone realizes this. There is no way to counter something like this, no way to work around this, at least not as far as they have been able to discover, and by now, it is getting too out of hand to even be able to do anything. All the while, Archie is perfectly satisfied with what he has managed to pull off. Now, he knows that he is capable of taking down all of Pasio’s trainers if he really wants to, leaving him free to his original mission of flooding this artificial island and taking back the sea for the Pokemon.

However, he has come to enjoy “flooding” like this so much that he wonders if it would really hurt to put a pin in his plans for the time being, just so that he can keep enjoying his fun. Perhaps like this, he can run everyone off of Pasio, too terrified to try and face off against him, and then he can take care of that.

The only thing that is certain right now is that he is impossible to defeat.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

