Shutting down (An Alchemy Stars Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-05-03 21:37

A/N: A commission for my husband, for Revy's birthday.

Revy works hard, and she always has. That is what she is most known for, and she lives up to that reputation, every time the Navigator sees her. It is honestly inspiring, making him want to work a bit harder too, or maybe that is just an excuse. After all, the only time he really gets to spend with her is while she is training, and that means that he has to put some level of effort in as well, to at least make it look a little less weird that he is always hanging around her.

Of course, he just likes her so much that he wants to be around her, but he has no idea how she would feel if he just came out and said something like that, so for right now, he is just going to keep training at her side, and try and figure out if he should make a move on her, or stick to admiring her from a safe distance.

What he does not realize is that she has a lot of admiration for him as well, and just has a hard time showing it. Instead, she prefers to work even harder around him, showing off because that is what makes the most sense to her. If she can impress him enough…well, she does not actually know what comes next, or how she would be able to handle it, but for right now, that seems like more than enough to worry about.

If she finds herself in any sort of uncomfortable position as a result, then she just deals with it, and puts it out of her mind. That is part of her training as well, learning to ignore those sorts of things in favor of focusing on the task at hand. There will be times that she can’t take a break just because her body demands it, and she needs to build up as much endurance as she possibly can, so that she can handle those situations. That has always been a part of her training, but it becomes even more intense whenever the Navigator is here to watch her, all because she does not want to excuse herself.

Usually, once she has pushed herself to her limit, she finally gives in and goes to relieve herself. But when she has a guest, she tries to push it all the way to the end, ignoring the way that her bladder aches and throbs, ignoring the way that her body begs her for any sort of break. Like this, Revy is only going to get stronger, and it certainly has nothing to do with the fact that she is too embarrassed to admit to her needs whenever the young man that she admires it around, and she is afraid he would ask, even if she told him to mind his business, or worse, guess for himself.

No matter how desperate she gets, she just takes it as part of her training, and deals with it. She tolerates the way that it hurts when it gets worse and worse, and she ignores the urge to squirm about to try and make it easier, not wanting to show any signs of weakness right now. That is just the sort of person that she is, especially with someone that she admires nearby, someone that she would never want to see her display any signs of weakness.

But things are getting worse for her by the moment, and she is starting to realize that she is getting too close to her limit. As much as she wants to pretend that she does not have a limit, she does, and whether it is a battle situation, or just training with the Navigator, her body is not going to be able to surpass that limit, no matter how hard she might try to push herself to that point.

Revy is too stubborn, and she has to pee, so badly that she needs to make her excuses and leave, or else it is going to get to the point that she really can’t handle it. She already feels close to that point, so she knows that she can’t afford to wait a moment longer. With that in mind, she gets ready to head off, deciding that she does not have to explain herself to the Navigator, and she can just tell him to mind his own business, if he tries to push her when asking why she is finishing up so early.

Except she does not even make it that far. She does not make it to the point of even coming to a stop before she is suddenly panicked, suddenly pushed too far, suddenly leaking and unable to stop it from turning into much more than just a leak. The Navigator does not even realize it is happening, too distracted by his own work to realize that she has stopped, but she is frozen in place, so she can’t take advantage of that opportunity to escape.

It all begins gushing out of her at once, soaking into her clothing, and forming a puddle on the floor. It is the sound of that which finally catches the Navigator’s attention, and then he is stunned, watching her humiliate herself, making all of this that much worse. And she can’t do anything at all, because she is too humiliated to react, so shocked that this could happen to her that it is as if she has shut down, frozen right there, with no explanation for her behavior, no excuse, no way to get out of here.

She may have stayed like that for the rest of the day, until her clothes had grown cold on her body, if not for the fact that he moves closer to pull her into a hug, ready to comfort her. He may not know what just happened or why, but he knows that he cares about her, and would do anything to make her feel all better. Revy is still humiliated, but this is, at least, a start.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

