Just A Prank (A Blood Blockade Battlefront Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-05-18 18:32

A/N: just some trash for BBB because this is my fuckin ship and I'm a mess, this was supposed to go up on patreon first but I decided to go ahead and post it lmao

Zapp decides that even if this isn’t the perfect way to weaken his boss enough to take him out, it will at least be a hilarious prank to pull. He really isn’t sure where this will end up going, but once he has the idea in his head, he can’t get it out until he’s tried it, and so, he manages to secure a diuretic, and fairly easily, as well. Well, there are a lot of things you can get easily these days, especially when you have weird connections, and Zapp Renfro is in no shortage of those.

The plan has to be executed very carefully, as he has to get through Gilbert, who would not be an easy opponent if he were caught in the process. He has never been particularly good at stealth, but this is important, and he manages to be sneaky, he manages to get his timing just right, spiking tea freshly made for Klaus without the butler, or anyone else, noticing that he does it.

From that point on, all he can do is wait for it to take effect, and hope that he at least gets something out of this, whether it’s just a few laughs or a chance to defeat him, he isn’t picky. Zapp relaxes on the couch, lounging as he always does when there isn’t work for him to do, as others filter in and out of the office. Klaus drinks his tea, completely unaware that there is anything amiss, losing himself in a game and completely dead to the world while he plays.

Really, it’s kind of boring to start out with, and Zapp has to try not to be impatient, which is difficult for someone like him. Whatever the payoff may be, it can be hard for anything to be worth a wait in his eyes. It isn’t until Klaus first shifts in his seat that Zapp is able to tell that it’s working, and even then, it’s a small movement, probably imperceptible to anyone who isn’t used to watching him closely, or expecting him to start to show any signs of discomfort.

But to Zapp, it’s clear, and makes it a bit more worth the wait, as he continues to watch for any more slight signs of discomfort, any more indicators that Klaus is starting to feel the effects. It is still a bit of time before it really becomes noticeable, and by then, it is just the three of them in the room- Klaus, Zapp, and Gilbert, so quiet that he might as well not be there at all.

Not long after that, Gilbert excuses himself to clean up around the rest of the office, and once he’s left the room, Zapp is free to observe Klaus for as long as he wants. Time drags on, and the movements of his boss become more obvious. Klaus is still focused on his game, so much so that Zapp thinks he might have forgotten that he isn’t quite alone yet.

So it’s only natural that his struggle becomes more noticeable, and as he squirms more shamelessly, Zapp wonders why he doesn’t just go to the bathroom already. Is his game that immersive, or is it impossible to walk away at this point? Is he just being stubborn, or has he not even noticed that he’s getting desperate yet? The latter seems impossible, since Zapp is sure that no one would be able to completely shut out the throbbing of their bladder once it got to the point Klaus must be at by now.

He must just be that stubborn, which really doesn’t come as much of a surprise. But even his iron will can’t protect him from the inevitable, which means he will have to give up at some point, and now, Zapp is a little frustrated at how long that is taking. He isn’t quite able to explain the irritation welling up in him as he watches Klaus fidget and squirm, but even for the sake of some game, he can’t understand why he would make things more difficult, rather than giving up already.

Except...except irritation feels like a strange word for it, now that he thinks about it. There’s a discomfort, making it rather hard for him to sit still, though it isn’t for the same reason that Klaus is struggling. There is a frustration building up, a heat in his lower stomach that, if he didn’t know any better he might mistake for...for…

Oh, shit.

Zapp has done all that he can to dodge a revelation like this, but it’s become so difficult since meeting Klaus. Still, his attraction to the other man was so easy to bury beneath admiration that he buried beneath rivalry, and now all that work has come to nothing, all because of some stupid prank that’s lead to him discovering a new kink, on top of everything else. He can tell that it’s getting harder and harder for Klaus to hold out, and it’s turning him on so much he can barely take it.

Now, he isn’t so amused by his little prank, and he wonders if he should just leave now, and forget all about it. But he isn’t sure he could forget it if he tried, and he always gets so damn impulsive whenever he’s horny. There is a part of him that knows he shouldn’t do this, but he doesn’t listen to that part of him, as he rises from the couch, crossing the room quickly.

Klaus looks up, surprised, and Zapp supposes he really did forget that he wasn’t alone in the room. “Z-Zapp?”

“That game really that important to you?” he asks with a smirk, wedging himself between Klaus and the desk. “You’ve been waiting for so long.”

“I-I didn’t...I was…” But it doesn’t seem like Klaus can think of anything to say. He goes tense as Zapp climbs onto his lap, straddling him before reason can win out.

“Well? You left yourself wide open, you know.” Even as he says it, he knows it’s a weak excuse. For one, if he really believed this were the right time to launch an attack, he would have by now; for another, he knows damn well that Klaus would have dealt with him with no difficulty, even in this condition.

In fact, he doesn’t have to let Zapp climb all over him like this, but he doesn’t move at all. That is when Zapp can feel it, something so unbelievable that if he weren’t right on top of him, he would never think it possible. But it’s true; Klaus is getting hard just having Zapp in his lap, which means that this reckless decision was the right one to make.

“What, ya think giving yourself a boner will help keep you from pissing yourself?” Zapp teases, and he can see that Klaus is blushing now.

“That...wasn’t intentional,” he replies, and Zapp bites his lip. He knew that already, but damn, it’s nice to hear Klaus admit it out loud. “I don’t really know what I’m...doing.”

“Yeah, that makes two of us,” Zapp confesses, “but I bet I’ve at least got a little bit of an idea.” He tilts his hips forward, and Klaus groans, squirming.

“That’s adding...a lot of pressure, I’m not sure how much longer I can…”

“Too hard to just let it out?”

“No, I...well, I could, but I…”

That’s when Zapp kisses him, hard and forceful, and though Klaus is a little clueless at first, it doesn’t take him long to learn from example. Beneath him, Zapp can feel the other man’s erection start to relax only to come back, and he isn’t sure if Klaus is trying to let himself relax so that he can let go, or if he’s now consciously trying to keep it up so that he won’t lose control. Zapp does not make it easier on him either way, applying more pressure to his bladder and he grinds against his lap.

In the end, it’s easy to tell what wins out, when Klaus groans into the kiss, his erection softening again, before a warmth spreads across his lap. With how Zapp is positioned his own pants are soaked through in no time, and it’s a strange sensation, but it’s nice, it’s really fucking nice, and he caused this, and it may have started as a prank, but, fuck, is he glad that he did this.

And, yeah, definitely one of the weirder things he’s done this week, and definitely not his proudest boner, but in the moment, he can’t be bothered to care about any of that stuff. Feeling Klaus basically piss on him, as a result of pissing himself, has him so turned on that he has to fight to keep from making his own mess. This is already shameful enough for him; he doesn’t want to add that to the list.

When it’s over and their soaked clothes start to grow cold, Zapp finally breaks the kiss, resting his forehead against Klaus’, and while the other man struggles to catch his breath, Zapp asks, “So? What now?”

“Give me a moment, I just need to…” He’s been idle for some time, and there’s a warning on the screen urging him to make a move before he’s kicked from the game. The timer is low, so Zapp assumes that he’s reaching around him to make his move quickly, and that he’ll want to finish up before they can do anything. It’s frustrating, and just when Zapp is thinking about telling him that he doesn’t want to wait anymore, he does it.

Rather than continuing, Klaus chooses to surrender.

