Roller Coaster (A Proud Family Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-02-27 15:41

A/N: Ooh, a commission with four wettings in it!

It had been a fantastic day so far for Penny and her friends. The four girls had decided to spend the second to last day of their summer break at an amusement park, and so far, everything was perfect. They had ridden several rides and had a great lunch. For once, everyone was getting along well.

It was as they were finishing up their lunch that they decided to plan out the rest of their day. There was one ride that they all wanted to ride before the day was done- a new roller coaster that was one of the most popular new rides of the year. Of course, they had to get in line quickly if they were going to actually get a chance that day. The lines were shorter during lunchtime, but even then, they still stretched out pretty far.

They hurried, and each let out a frustrated groan as they saw just how long of a wait they would actually have. The sign over the gate said, “Standing here, wait time is 45 minutes”, but since it was the best they could hope for, they decided to wait it out.

“I think maybe we should have gone to the bathroom first,” said Zoey, looking nervous.

“What, and make our wait even longer?” asked LaCienega.

“I'm just not sure if it was a good idea. Maybe we should take turns going and holding the spot in line,” the redhead replied.

“Do you have any idea how far away the nearest bathrooms are?” asked Dijonay. “By the time we get through everyone, the line will have gotten so long that people will think we're cutting!”

“She's right,” said Penny, who also regretted their decision not to hit a bathroom after lunch. “I'm sure we'll be fine, though.”

“Speak for yourselves,” said LaCienega with a smirk. “I don't even have to go!”

“I don't have to go that bad,” replied Dijonay, before the subject was dropped.

~X~

When their wait time was down to fifteen minutes, each of the girls was starting to feel a bit more desperate than they had hoped. Zoey was finding it difficult to stand still and even LaCienega was starting to regret their decision to rush over to the ride like that.

“I really hope this doesn't take too much longer,” said Penny, shifting a bit in place. She knew that she could make it the next fifteen minutes, but she hoped that the ride wouldn't be too rough on her rapidly filling bladder.

“It'll be fine,” said Dijonay with a shrug, though she had taken to bouncing slightly every few minutes. The line could not move fast enough.

Zoey, finally giving into her urge to move and squirmed a bit. She hoped that she would be able to wait out this line with her friends and that the ride would be uneventful.

~X~

At long last, they had reached the end of the line. They were ushered into their carts, Zoey with Penny, directly in front of Dijonay. They were all visibly squirming at this point, though they still tried not to mention anything to do with their desperation.

The carts started off slowly, then picked up speed suddenly, startling the girls. LaCienega panicked inwardly as she felt a bit leak into her panties. She had no time to worry about it, however, as the ride was going up and down hills and around very sharp turns.

Dijonay wasn't taking the roughness of the ride very well, longing to grab herself under her skirt to avoid wetting herself in the cart. Just as she was beginning to hope that the ride would not last too much longer, the carts slowed to a complete stop.

“It's just a fake scare,” said Penny, more to brace herself for the jolt than to reassure her friends. “It'll jerk us and then start back up any second now.”

But a few long, silent moments passed without the ride resuming. Several passengers began screaming. The girls were terrified, not just because of the potentially broken roller coaster, but also for their bladders, which were bursting for relief.

A crackle came from a speaker below. “Do not panic, passengers. We've encountered some minor technical difficulties that we are working as quickly as possible to resolve. Just hold tight up there and we will get the ride moving as soon as we can.”

More passengers began screaming, including LaCienega, whose fear was so great that she forgot completely about her need. Without her consciously holding it in, her bladder released, soaking her jeans and puddling in the seat, splashing on the floor of the cart. Dijonay was startled by the sudden wetness and looked over at her friend, who was teary eyed and humiliated. “Don't say anything,” she said.

“I wasn't gonna,” she said, now giving in to her urge to shove a hand beneath her skirt. The wetness that she sat on was not making holding it any easier, and she could already tell that she was not going to last until the ride finally got fixed. And then it hit her; with LaCienega in such distress, it wouldn't be so bad if she wet herself out of sympathy. So, with that thought in mind, she let go, sighing in relief as she flooded her panties.

“Wh-what are you doing?” her friend asked, confused.

“Well, I had to go too, ya know,” she replied simply. The relief was fantastic, and her bladder was so full that when it was completely emptied, she even had a dark patch on the front of her skirt.

Meanwhile, in the cart in front of theirs, Zoey and Penny were not faring much beter. Zoey had her legs tightly crossed with her hands jammed in between while she rocked back and forth. Penny had her legs crossed at the ankles and would occasionally grab herself, squeezing a bit to try and keep things under control. She just had to wait until the ride was fixed, it couldn't be that much longer...

“Penny, I...I can't- I'm sorry,” she heard Zoey say in a broken voice, and when she looked over, she saw a small puddle forming, heading straight for her. She tried to move out of the way, but the cart was too small to avoid, and as soon as her friend's piss hit her, she knew that there was no hope for her.

They both began wetting themselves in almost perfect unison, their piss hitting the floor of the cart with a loud hiss. Both of their outfits and shoes were soaked, and their faces were bright red with shame. They couldn't believe that they had wet themselves like that, but when they looked back to see if LaCienega or Dijonay had noticed, they couldn't help but laugh.

Soon, all four girls were laughing together. Every last one of them had somehow managed to wet themselves on the ride, and though it was humiliating that they would have to wear it around for the rest of their trip, it was a little bit more bearable, knowing that they weren't alone in it.

