Lexi`s Tragic Exam day - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Zero_4793

*000*2021-03-19 03:40

Lexi looks up at the clock. She looks at how much of the exam she has left. She taps her foot and rests a hand on her belly. Her morning at home was chaotic and busy, stressing her out before exam was already pissing her off, but then getting to school with no time to use the toilet was infuriating.

She is only halfway through the exam and she is already shifting side to side, letting out quiet farts and holding on. She has always been a very studious and committed student, never getting less than a B. Ditching the exam was not an option for Lexi, as much as her body was begging for it. The worst part was she didn’t just have to pee, her bowels were begging for release also. Both her front and rear were causing waves of relief denial as she approached the last 30mins of the exam.

She was onto her last question of the paper. A long answer no less. A few hundred words. Usually a breeze for her, but in her current state, Lexi was struggling to do anything. She would usually have finished by now, but the cramps and holding back drastically slows her progress. She pushes through the pain and works on her final answer.

When she finishes her answers she internally celebrates and lets out an audible sigh of relief. She instantly regrets this however as she feels a warmth between her legs. She manages to hold back her bladder from fully releasing, but at the expense of turtlenecking her load, surely browning her panties. She looks up at the clock, 5 more minutes till she can leave. She taps her foot and squirms in her seat as she bides her time. She puts a pen in her mouth to bite on to as she watches the second-hand tick away. The sensation of damp and sticky panties is unsettling, but thankfully its not long till she can run to the bathroom.

Finally, the exam staff communicate the end of exam procedures and begin directing the rows of students out of the hall. Being the teachers pet that she is she sits near the front. Meaning she will have to wait for most other students to leave before she can. She groans in discomfort as her peers shuffle out before her, the noise covering her groan and her yelp as she leaks again.

Finally, she gets directed to leave, she has already collected her things, she stands up and heads out hastily. She doesn’t dare check if her accident is visible, all that matters is making it to the loo before it gets any worse. She, as swiftly as she can muster with this intense pressure, marches down the halls towards the bathroom. Dogging and weaving through her peers, unaware of a few eyes that have noticed the small wet patch.

She made it! She sees the toilets. She spots the many people in front of it, the long queue towards it. The queue! She stops dead in her tracks; her eyes tear up. This bathroom was her only hope, and that hope just died, she won’t survive that queue, nor will she make it to the other bathroom. Standing in the middle of the hallway with people shuffling around her, she involuntarily spreads her legs and doubles over, disassociating in this nightmare situation. Her face scrunches up as her body begins pushing. She no longer resists; her mind just goes blank as her body takes control. Grunting as she pushes log after log into her pants, piss gushing out, through her panties onto the floor. The piss splatters over her shoes, dampening her socks. The shit fills her panties and squishes forwards towards her pussy. Most people around her stop and get distance from her, their eyes glued to her. The hallway falls almost silent, apart from the hissing and crackling.

She eventually finishes her business, and her mind reluctantly comes back to reality, the muffled background white noise becoming clear, chattering, laughing, teasing. Her eyes forced closed, in a vein attempted to deny the situation. Her legs go weak and she falls to her knees. Kneeling in her own puddle as she gives in to crying uncontrollably. If she weren’t in this situation she would probably still have more in the tank, but her body only got out all that it needed.

