In sync (A Persona 5 Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-23 14:06

This evening, it’s just Ann, Makoto, Sumire, Haru, and Futaba, because the five of them want to do a team building exercise with just the girls. It seems like a fairly normal night in Mementos at first, in fact, but then, a shadow that the five of them encounter is…different.

It looks almost like a human woman, besides the pale blue skin, but, despite its mature body, it is dressed in a diaper, with toilet paper wrapped around its chest, as well as most of its face. The shadow does a frantic dance in place, looking like someone who is desperate to pee.

All five of the girls are taken aback by such a form, but Ann is especially startled by it, for a rather private reason. For a little while now, she has felt a nagging sensation in her lower abdomen, and, by now, she can really feel her own need to pee growing. She has done her best to ignore it up until now, and has done her best to hide it from her friends, but with this strange shadow in front of her, it is harder than ever to ignore the fact that she is going to have to empty her bladder soon, or else things are going to get bad.

The battle seems endless, with no real progress being made, and all the while, Ann is left squirming, her movements getting more obvious as time goes on, until she is nearly mirroring the shadow’s exaggerated dancing.. As the fight drags on, Makoto and the others notice Ann’s distress, but they assume it is the stress of a difficult fight, the bizarre nature of their opponent distracting her, not the pressing, personal need building within her.

Just as it seems like the girls might finally be gaining some ground, the diapered shadow lets out a high pitched giggle. It throws its hands wide, and a cloud of shimmering mist erupts from its form, engulfing the Phantom Thief girls. It's not like any status ailment any of them have ever encountered.

Then, with a final, provocative wink, the shadow dissolves into the ground.

"Well, that was...weird," Futaba says, shaking her head as the last of the mist fades. "What do you girls think that mist was?" But no one answers. In the sudden silence, five sets of eyes go wide. A jolt, sharp and undeniable, shoots through them all at once.

It hits Makoto first, a fierce, urgent pressure low in her belly that makes her gasp, her hand flying to her stomach. The composure of the student council president fractures in an instant. Beside her, Haru lets out a soft squeak, her posture going rigid. Sumire stumbles back a step, her face flushing bright red. Her practiced, graceful movements are gone, replaced by a tight, desperate hunch. Futaba's mouth opens, but only a strangled whimper comes out. The world outside her own frantic need has simply ceased to exist.

And Ann…Ann lets out a choked sound, half gasp, half sob. The nagging pressure that had been bothering her before, the one she had been so desperately trying to hide, has exploded into an all consuming emergency. The decision is immediately made to return to the real world.

The familiar pull of reality warps around them, a sickening lurch as the tunnels of Mementos dissolve. The oppressive pressure in their bladders, however, dies not fade with the cognitive world. If anything, the transition back to the real world only intensifies the screaming, biological urgency that had seized them. They materialize in a sticky, humid alleyway, the summer air thick with the smell of garbage and distant exhaust. The sudden shift from the subterranean gloom to the dim, hazy evening light is jarring, a sensory shock that does nothing to distract from the single, overwhelming command being screamed by their own bodies.

For Ann, it's the final straw. The frantic, desperate control she'd been clinging to shatters completely. She feels a hot spurt escape her, a betrayal she can't stop, and with it comes the devastating loss of all restraint. A soft whimper escapes her lips as her shoulders slump in defeat. The warmth spreads rapidly, a dark, blooming stain that soaks through the thin fabric of her denim shorts, tracing a humiliating path down her thighs. The sound is quiet at first, a hiss against the pavement, then a steady patter as the stream gains strength, splashing onto the grimy asphalt around her red sneakers. A sob racks her body, tears of shame mixing with the sweat on her face. She can't look at them, can't bear to see the shock and pity she knows must be in their eyes.

The other four girls freeze, their own bladders screaming in protest. They can only stare, their minds struggling to process the scene before them, their own desperate needs momentarily forgotten in the face of Ann's public humiliation. Makoto takes a half a step forward, her mouth open to offer some form of comfort, some scrap of reassurance.

But she never gets the words out.

Her own body makes its choice for her. A sharp, uncontrollable spasm wracks her frame, and a gasp of pure, desperate escapes her lips. The fight is over before it even began. She presses her hand to her crotch, and, as she does, a dark patch appears on the front of her long, white shirt, growing rapidly, until it spreads down the legs of her tight black pants. The student council president, always so composed, so in control, stands frozen in the alley, her face a mask of horrified disbelief as her own warmth soaks her completely.

Haru is next. She lets out a high pitched, helpless cry, her hands flying to her mouth. The back of her white dress is soaked in an instant, the fabric clinging to her skin as a dark patch spreads across her buttocks and down the backs of her legs. She stumbles forward, catching herself against the alley wall, but it's no use. The stream is relentless, a waterfall of shame that pools around her elegant shoes.

Sumire lets out a strangled sob, her body trembling uncontrollably. The feeling is mortifying, a complete loss of the control she so desperately craves. Her white shorts do little to hide the catastrophe, as the fabric darkens and a steady trickle runs down her legs, soaking her sandals and feet. She sinks to her knees on the wet pavement, still peeing and soaking the seat of her shorts.

The alley falls silent, save for the soft, pitiful patter of liquid on concrete, a sound that seems to last an eternity. Then, one by one, the streams slow to a trickle, then stop altogether. Five girls stand, or kneel, in a growing collection of puddles, their clothes soaked, their faces flushed with shame. The humid air suddenly feels cold against their wet skin.

The silence in the alley is broken only by a few choked sobs from Sumire and the sound of Haru’s shaky breaths. Makoto stands rigid, a statue mortared into place by shock. Her mind, usually a fortress of logic and order, is a panicked scramble, replaying the last few minutes in a sickening loop. The shadow’s dance. Ann’s squirming. The shimmering mist. The sudden, synchronized, desperate need.

A flicker of understanding sparks in the chaos. It’s insane. It’s impossible. But it fits.

"I think it synced us," she says, her voice a raw, raspy whisper that cuts through the heavy air. The other girls slowly turn to look at her, their faces pale and blotchy in the dim light.

"What?" Futaba manages, her arms wrapped tightly around herself, her soaked lounge pants clinging to her skin.

"The shadow," Makoto continues, the thought gaining terrifying coherence as she speaks it. "That status ailment didn't just make us have to go. It linked our...our bladders." Her gaze drifts to Ann, who is still hunched over, shivering, her face buried in her hands. "Ann was already desperate when we fought it. The shadow amplified her need, and then it broadcast it. To all of us."

The revelation hangs in the humid air, a disgusting but undeniable truth. It explains the way the urgency had hit them all with the same impossible intensity, and the way they had all lost control together. A collective groan of horrified understanding passes through the group. They hadn't just been afflicted; they had been hijacked, their own bodies used against them in the most humiliating way imaginable.

"So...so that thing is still out there?" Haru asks, her voice small and trembling. She straightens up slightly, smoothing down the wet fabric of her dress with a motion that is more for comfort than for any hope of making it look presentable.

"It has to be," Makoto confirms, a familiar, steely resolve beginning to harden her features despite the clinging dampness and the burning shame in her cheeks. "And if we're going to break this synchronization, we're going to have to beat it."

"So we go back in?" Ann's voice is muffled by her hands, but the anger in it is sharp, cutting through her distress. She finally looks up, her eyes blazing with a fury that nearly eclipses her humiliation. "We go back in there and find that thing..."

But her righteous anger falters as she looks around at her friends. At their soaked clothes, their shivering forms, their exhausted, tear-streaked faces. The adrenaline from the encounter and the catastrophic accident is rapidly fading, leaving behind a profound weariness. Going back into Mementos now, in this state, would be suicide. They were mentally spent, physically uncomfortable, and emotionally wrecked.

Makoto sees it too. Her shoulders slump, the fire in her eyes dimming to weary embers. She looks down at her own drenched pants, at the puddle at her feet, and lets out a long, shaky breath. "No," she says, the word heavy with defeat. "Not tonight."

Futaba nods miserably. "I can't...I can't go back in like this. My brain is fried."

Sumire finally gets to her feet, wincing as her soaked shorts cling to her legs. "We need a plan," she says softly, trying to inject some of her usual practicality into the situation. "And dry clothes. And a hot shower."

"Okay," Makoto says, taking charge with a quiet authority. "We go home, get cleaned up, then we meet tomorrow, and we figure this out together."

There's a chorus of tired, miserable agreement. The mission for tonight was over, but their work on this is just beginning. The girls' immediate, pressing concern is not a shadow in Mementos, but the long, treacherous journey from this alley to the relative safety of their homes. It's a slow, mortifying process. They wait, huddled in the alley's deep shadows, until a group of loud salary men stumbles past, their laughter echoing off the brick walls. Then, they move, a strange, disheveled parade of shame.

They stick to the darkest routes, slipping through narrow side streets and ducking behind parked cars at the sound of an approaching engine or a distant bicycle bell. The damp fabric of their clothes is a constant, cold, clinging reminder of their humiliation. Each of them walks with a strange, hunched posture, trying to hide the worst of the stains in the poor light. Not a word is spoken. There is nothing to say. They move with a single, shared purpose: to get home without being seen.

Finally, they reach a junction where their paths diverge. A series of quick, whispered goodbyes, each laden with unspoken sympathy, and they scatter into the night. Makoto walks the last few blocks to her apartment with a fast beating heart, every rustle of leaves sounding like an approaching witness. The click of her front door lock is the sweetest sound she has ever heard.

Inside, the ritual is the same for all of them. A desperate, almost fumbling shedding of soiled clothes, which are stuffed with a sense of revulsion into the bottom of laundry baskets. The long, hot shower, scouring away the grime and the memory, the steam fogging the mirror so they don't have to look at their own faces. The soft, clean embrace of pajamas, a comfort after being stuck in cold, wet clothes for so long.

Finally, they collapse into their beds, the emotional and physical exhaustion pulling them down into a deep, dreamless sleep.

~X~

Each and every one of them wakes up with a wet bed. Makoto, Haru, Ann, Sumire. Each of them wakes up to the familiar, shameful sensation of wetness spreading around them, the memory of the night before crashing down on them like a wave of cold water. The synchronization is still in effect. Futaba's bladder, empty from her accident in the alley, has filled up overnight, and so have the bladders of the other four girls. The result is five wet beds, and five girls who are starting their day with a fresh wave of humiliation and a new, pressing problem. The morning is a chaotic blur of frantic cleaning. Stripping sheets, scrubbing mattresses, and trying to wash away the evidence of their shared affliction before anyone else can see.

Futaba, upon waking to her own damp sheets, has a moment of pure horror. This is her normal, her secret shame, but now it's not just her. She has done this to her friends. The guilt is a physical weight in her chest as she prepares to meet up with her friends.

The atmosphere in Leblanc later that morning is thick with a shared, unspoken misery. The usual cheerful clatter of the cafe is absent. The girls are gathered around a table in the corner, and they all have a palpable air of shame about them.

Futaba is the last to arrive, slinking into Leblanc and practically diving into the nearest empty chair. She pulls her hood down over her eyes, her hands fidgeting in the sleeves of her oversized sweatshirt. She can feel the weight of her friends' gazes, not accusatory, but heavy with a question they all know the answer to, and she takes a shaky breath.

"I'm so sorry," she whispers, her voice barely audible over the quiet music playing from the cafe's speakers. She keeps her head down, staring at the table.

The other four girls lean in, their expressions a mix of exhaustion, confusion, and dawning dread.

"It's me," Futaba says, the words catching in her throat. "I know you guys all...wet the bed last night." A collective wince ripples through the group. "And I know why."

She finally forces herself to look at them, her eyes wide with guilt and terror. "I can't hold it when I'm asleep. I never have been able to. It's a whole thing, I try really hard not to have to pee before bedtime, but sometimes it just happens. And last night...last night it happened."

Silence.

It's not the angry, shouting silence Futaba had been dreading. It's a quiet, contemplative one. Ann is the first to break it. She reaches across the table and gently places her hand over Futaba's trembling one.

"Futaba," she says, her voice soft and free of any anger. "That wasn't your fault."

"But it is!" Futaba insists, her voice cracking. "You guys had to go through that because of me! It's my fault!"

"No, it's not," Makoto says, her voice firm but gentle. She looks around the table at the other girls, who are all nodding in agreement. "It's the shadow's fault. It's the one who linked us together. We're just caught in the crossfire."

"We're your friends, Futaba," Haru adds, her expression full of kindness. "We know you wouldn't do something like this on purpose. And we're going to get through this together."

Sumire nods in agreement, a small, reassuring smile on her face. "We're a team, remember? We face everything together, even this."

The tension in the air dissipates, replaced by a sense of shared resolve. Futaba looks at her friends, her heart swelling with a gratitude so profound it almost hurts.

"Okay," Makoto says, her tone shifting from comfort to command. She stands up, her posture straightening. "We know what we have to do. We go back in, we find that shadow, and we make it reverse this."

A chorus of determined "yeahs" and "let's do it" answers her. The plan is set.

A short while later, they find themselves gathered in the alley. The memory of the night before is still fresh, a ghost of shame that clings to the very air around them. They take a collective deep breath, a silent pact passing between them. Then, they don their masks, and the world dissolves around them, the grimy alleyway replaced by the familiar, oppressive tunnels of Mementos.

The girls are more cautious this time, their senses on high alert. They travel deeper, their footsteps echoing in the oppressive silence. They are looking for any sign of the strange, diapered shadow, but nothing turns up. The shadows they do encounter are the usual, easily dispatched variety. They search for what feels like hours, their hopes dwindling with each empty tunnel.

"It's not here," Futaba says, her voice tight with frustration. "I've been scanning the entire area. There's no unusual cognitive signature. Nothing."

"So it's just gone?" Ann asks, her hands on her hips.

"It seems that way," Makoto says, her brow furrowed in thought. "Maybe it's on a different level? Or maybe it only appears under certain conditions?"

"Let's call it a day for now," Sumire says, her voice laced with disappointment. "We'll regroup and come up with a new plan tomorrow."

~X~

That night, it doesn't really matter who it is that has to pee first, while they are all asleep, nor does it matter that Futaba is the one who can't hold it. All five of them end up wetting the bed, and once again have to deal with the aftermath. Hopefully, this will be over with before the day is done, they tell themselves, as they each go about the awkward morning ritual of cleaning up their beds, and it's with that thought in mind, that they each head off to school, hoping that the day will be the one where they can finally break the curse. It's a hope that is quickly dashed as the day goes on, and the shadow continues to be nowhere to be found in Mementos, despite their best efforts.

The next morning, Makoto is woken up by the now-familiar, unwelcome sensation of cold wetness. With a groan of frustration, she sits up. Her pajama pants are soaked, the sheet beneath her damp and cold. This is getting ridiculous. The thought of buying some kind of protective padding- a "pull up," her mind supplies with a cringe- flashes through her head. It's a practical solution.

Then she pushes the thought away. No. This is the last night. We'll find that shadow today. I'm not giving in.

The school day becomes a tightrope walk of coordinated bladder control. There's a group chat now, just for coordinating bathroom breaks between the five of them, across their different locations. With Futaba at home, she has the least to worry about, while the other four girls are scattered throughout the school, and have to coordinate around their classes. They have to be discreet, they have to be quick, and they have to be in sync. More often than not, they end up meeting at the same bathroom when they take care of things.

The bathroom breaks at school are tense affairs. They file into stalls in silence. The sound of four streams hitting water at once, separated only by thin metal partitions, is a weirdly intimate, humiliating symphony they have all been forced to become accustomed to. They don't talk much during these meetings, just pee, flush, wash their hands, and then go back to their classes.

After school, they make another run at Mementos. They scour every inch of the paths they've already explored, their growing frustration a palpable aura around them. Still, there is nothing.

None of the girls are willing to buy any protection for the night, however. Even if they know that it'll be another night of wetting the bed, each manages to convince herself that this whole ordeal will only go on for another night. So that night, each of them goes to bed without protection, and each of them wakes up with a wet bed the next morning.

This becomes the routine for the week. They go to school, they coordinate their bathroom breaks via text, and they wet the bed at night. They go back into Mementos every day after school, but the shadow is nowhere to be found. The days blur into a humiliating routine, each night a fresh wave of shame, each morning a frantic cleanup, each day filled with constant anxiety about the next scheduled, synchronized pee break. The text messages become more efficient, less apologetic. he shared misery has forged a strange, unspoken bond between them.

"It's not fair," Ann mutters on Tuesday. "We're just...stuck like this."

"We'll get it," Makoto says, her own patience wearing thin. She smooths her uniform, a gesture that's more for her own benefit than anything else. "It has to be somewhere. We just have to keep looking."

~X~

The afternoon sun slants through the classroom windows, illuminating dust motes dancing in the stuffy air. For Haru, however, there is no warmth in the light, only a growing, suffocating pressure. It’s Wednesday. The fourth day. Four days of waking up to wet sheets, four days of hushed bathroom meetings, four days of this invisible, shared hell.

She presses her thighs together, a subtle motion beneath her desk. The pressure is no longer a thrum; it's a sharp, demanding pulse. She knows, with a certainty that makes her stomach clench, that Ann, Makoto, and Sumire are all feeling this exact same sensation in their own classrooms across the building. And Futaba, alone in her room, is feeling it too. The thought doesn't bring comfort; it amplifies her own distress. Four other people are trapped in this same specific, private torture with her.

She tries to shift her weight, to find a position that offers some small measure of relief, but there is none. Every movement only seems to make the pressure worse, a reminder of how full she is, how close to the edge she is. She can feel her bladder stretching, a tight, aching balloon inside her. The urge to squirm, to press a hand between her legs, is overwhelming, but she fights it. Not here, in front of everyone.

Her phone, nestled in her bag, is both a lifeline and a source of dread. The group chat. She knows that soon, a message will pop up. A single, desperate emoji, or a terse "now." She risks a glance, her fingers trembling as she fumbles with the zipper. It's Makoto, of course. The unofficial coordinator of their misery.

Five minutes. End of period. West wing bathroom. Be ready.

Haru closes her eyes for a moment, a wave of relief washing over her so powerfully it almost hurts. She can do this. Five minutes. She just has to hold on for five more minutes. She takes a slow, steadying breath, the effort of it monumental, and glances at the clock. Four minutes and fifty three seconds.

She looks around the classroom. No one is paying her any attention. They are all lost in their own worlds, blissfully unaware of the quiet, desperate battle she is fighting just to maintain her composure. The teacher’s voice is a droning, meaningless buzz. All she can focus on is the clock, ticking away the seconds, and the relentless, throbbing pressure inside her. She thinks of the other girls, of the four other bladders that are just as full as hers, of the shared, silent suffering that binds them together in this awful, intimate way.

Finally, the bell rings. It's the sweetest sound she has ever heard. She walks out of the classroom, her posture ramrod straight, a mask of calm composure plastered on her face. Haru sees Ann round the corner, her face pale. Sumire is close behind, her jaw tight. Makoto is already waiting by the bathroom door, her expression grim. Without a word, they file inside, a procession of silent, desperate girls.

They choose stalls next to each other, the thin metal walls offering a flimsy illusion of separation. The sound of four streams hitting the water at the same exact moment, a chorus of release, fills the air. Haru lets out a long, shaky breath, her head resting against the cool metal of the stall door. The relief is immediate, overwhelming, a wave of pure bliss that washes away the desperation, the anxiety, the shame, leaving her feeling hollowed out and exhausted.

When the four of them emerge, they exchange a look.

"Tonight," Sumire says, her voice small but determined. "We're finding that thing tonight."

Makoto nods. "Tonight."

~X~

That night, after another fruitless search, Sumire begins preparing for bed. Each night, the hope that the next morning will be the last is a little dimmer, a little more frayed. She moves through her room with a practiced, mechanical efficiency, brushing out her long hair, changing into her pajamas. The motions are familiar, a comforting ritual in a week that has been anything but.

Then, she pauses. Her eyes land on her phone, sitting on her nightstand. For a brief, wild moment, she considers typing "diapers" into the search bar. The thought alone sends a hot flush of shame through her. It’s a word associated with babies, with helplessness, with everything she fights so hard to overcome. The idea of willingly putting one on feels like an admission of defeat, like she is giving up, resigning herself to this humiliating, childish state.

But the alternative...the alternative is another morning like the one she had today. Another morning of waking up to the cold, clinging reality of a wet bed, of stripping the sheets, of the frantic, furtive cleanup before anyone can catch her in the act. The memory of the last few mornings is a fresh wave of shame, a cold dread that settles in the pit of her stomach. The thought of doing it all again tomorrow is almost unbearable.

Sumire picks up her phone, her thumb hovering over the search bar. She can almost feel the cool, crinkly plastic of the pull up, the secure, humiliating embrace of it. She can imagine the relief of waking up dry, of not having to face the shame of another accident.

Then, she puts the phone down, a decisive motion.

No, she tells herself, her jaw set in a firm line. No. This is the last night. We're going to find that shadow tomorrow. I am not going to give in. I am not a baby. I am a Phantom Thief. I am strong.

It's a mantra, a prayer, a desperate plea to a universe that has not been kind to them this week. With her resolve stiffened by sheer force of will, Sumire slides into bed. The sheets are cool and clean, a fresh start she clings to. She lies on her back, staring up at the ceiling, her body rigid with tension. Eventually, exhaustion wins out. The sheer weight of a week of anxiety and shame pulls her down into a restless, fitful sleep.

She doesn't have nightmares, not really. Just a vague, unsettling dream of being in a vast, empty theater. The seats are all empty, but she can feel the weight of a thousand unseen eyes on her as she stands on stage, a spotlight burning down on her. There's a growing pressure, a familiar, urgent need that she can't ignore, but there are no exits from the stage. The feeling intensifies, a tidal wave of pressure building inside her, and she knows what's coming, she can't stop it, she can't run...

With a soft gasp, her eyes flutter open. It’s still dark. For a blissful, confused second, she doesn't know why she's awake. Then she feels it. The warmth spreading, a slow, inexorable flood that soaks through her pajama bottoms and into the sheets beneath her. Her body, betrayed by Futaba's sleeping form miles away, is simply obeying the connection.

She lies there, paralyzed, as the last of the stream trickles to a stop. The clean, fresh sheets are already ruined. A single, hot tear escapes the corner of her eye and slides down her temple, disappearing into her hair. The last night, she reminds herself; after tonight, she hopefully won't have to deal with this again. There will be no need for diapers, no need for the extra shame.

But even as she thinks it, the words feel hollow. The hope that carried her to sleep feels distant and fragile now, worn thin by the weight of yet another humiliating morning. And as she lies in the growing cold of her own bed, a terrible thought begins to form in the back of her mind: what if this isn't the last night? What if this is just her life now?

But she has to assure herself, once they defeat that shadow, this all will have to come to an end.

~X~

That afternoon, as they gather to plan their next move, they're all a bit more subdued than usual. The usual pre-mission energy is replaced by a quiet, weary determination. They go over their maps, their notes, their theories, but there's a palpable sense of hopelessness in the air.

"I don't know what else to do," Ann says, her head in her hands. "We've searched everywhere. It's like it just vanished."

"Maybe we missed something," Makoto says, her brow furrowed in concentration. "Maybe there's a clue we overlooked."

"Or maybe it's just gone," Futaba says, her voice small. The words hang in the air, a possibility none of them wants to consider.

"No," Sumire says, her voice suddenly sharp, a spark of defiance in her eyes. "We're not giving up. We're going to find that thing, and we're going to make it pay."

~X~

Finally, one day, their luck changes. They're deep in Mementos, following a hunch from Futaba n an area they'd previously dismissed as a dead end. They're moving cautiously, their senses on high alert.

"It's close," Futaba whispers.

As if on cue, a high-pitched giggle echoes from up ahead. It's a sound they'll never forget. They exchange a look, a silent communication passing between them. This is it.

"Fan out!" Makoto commands, her voice a low, urgent whisper. "Don't let it get away!"

They surge forward, their footsteps echoing in the narrow passage. The shadow is just ahead, a flitting, diaper-clad form that seems to mock them with its every move. It's faster than they remember, darting around corners, its giggles echoing behind it like a trail of poison.

They chase it through a maze of twisting tunnels, their lungs burning with the effort. The shadow seems to know the layout of this area of Mementos better than they do, using the confusing layout to its advantage. Just when it seems like they're about to corner it, the shadow darts into a large, open area, a cavernous space. The shadow stops in the center of the room, turning to face them with a wide, mocking grin. It's not running anymore. It's waiting for them.

"Alright, you little creep," Ann snarls, her whip cracking in her hand. "The fun's over."

The shadow giggles, raising its hands. A wave of shimmering energy erupts from its form, washing over the girls. It's not the same mist as before; this is different, a tangible force that knocks them back.

"Everybody, be careful!" Makoto shouts, her revolver already in her hand. "We don't know what it's capable of!"

The Phantom Thief girls move with a practiced grace, the result of countless battles fought in this twisted cognitive world. They surround the shadow, their movements a flurry of coordinated attacks. Ann's whip cracks through the air, a sharp, stinging lash that the shadow nimbly dodges. Makoto's shots ring out, each one a precise, targeted blast of force. Sumire's blade glints in the dim light, a flash of silver as she lunges forward. Haru's ax, a deceptively heavy weapon, moves with a deadly grace.

The shadow, however, is a frustratingly elusive opponent. It moves with a clownish, unpredictable agility, giggling as it ducks and weaves through their attacks. It's not just dodging; it's toying with them, its every move a mockery of their efforts.

The battle is a chaotic dance of flashing steel, cracking whips, and retaliatory giggles. For a moment, it seems their numbers and superior training might be enough to overwhelm the creature's bizarre agility. Haru brings her ax down in a powerful, arcing swing that would cleave a lesser shadow in two. The shadow, however, simply bends backward with an inhuman, boneless flexibility, the ax whistling harmlessly through the space where its head was a second before.

It’s in that moment of Haru's overextension that the shadow chooses to strike. It doesn't attack with a weapon or a bolt of energy. Instead, as it rights itself, its hands glow with a faint, sparkling pink light. It darts forward, not toward Haru's weapon, but toward her exposed side. Its glowing fingers make contact with her ribs.

For a split second, nothing happens. Haru, already recovering from her swing, simply blinks in confusion. Then, a jolt, an intense and wholly unexpected sensation, shoots through her. It’s not pain. It’s…a tickle.

A tiny, involuntary gasp escapes her lips, followed by a squeak of utter disbelief. Her body seizes up, not from injury, but from a wave of ticklish agony so intense it feels like an electric current.

Her muscles lock and spasm, her ax slipping from her numb fingers and clattering to the floor with a deafening clang. A strangled, helpless giggle bubbles up her throat, a sound completely alien and horrifying in the midst of battle.

"Haru!" Makoto shouts, her eyes wide with alarm. She takes aim, but the shadow is already using Haru as a human shield, its giggling form ducking behind the convulsing girl.

Haru tries to fight it. She really does, but her body is no longer her own. The sensation is overwhelming, a relentless, crawling torment that hijacks her nervous system. She can't form a coherent thought. All she can do is laugh, desperate and wheezing, a pained noise, punctuated by gasps for air. She doubles over, her arms wrapped around her stomach, her entire body shaking with violent, uncontrollable spasms. She's completely vulnerable, a target without a single defense.

The other girls can only watch in horrified, helpless silence. To rush in is to risk hitting Haru, a risk none of them are willing to take. The shadow, sensing its advantage, presses its attack. It doesn't even seem to be hurting Haru anymore, just keeping her locked in that state of ticklish agony, a living, breathing, giggling shield.

Then, with a final, particularly vicious poke to Haru's side that sends her into a fresh fit of wheezing laughter, the shadow darts away. Haru collapses to her knees, her body still twitching with residual spasms, her breath coming in ragged, tearful gasps.

But the shadow isn't retreating. It's changing targets. Its glowing pink fingers trail through the air, leaving a faint, shimmering residue, as it sets its sights on a new victim. Sumire, who had been lunging forward to assist Haru, is now in its path. She tries to pivot, to bring her sword up in a defensive block, but she's not fast enough.

The shadow’s fingers dance across her midriff, a light, almost delicate touch. Sumire freezes, her eyes going wide with a dawning horror. She knows what's coming and braces herself, tensing every muscle in a desperate attempt to fight it off.

A pitched, undignified yelp escapes her. The shadow, its grin impossibly wide, redoubles its efforts, its fingers a blur of motion against her sides. Sumire's composure shatters. She lets out a shriek of laughter that is half sob, her body buckling under the assault. She tries to twist away, to bring her own hands up to block the attack, but her arms feel like leaden weights, refusing to obey her brain's frantic commands.

"No! Stop!" she manages to gasp out between peals of helpless laughter. "Please, stop!"

The shadow ignores her, its giggles now a constant, triumphant backdrop to Sumire's pained, hysterical cries. It's a cruel, deliberate humiliation, a stripping away of her control and dignity with every relentless, ticklish touch. Her sword clatters to the ground, forgotten, as she crumples to the floor, a writhing, laughing mess, completely at the shadow's mercy.

The shadow's fingers are relentless, a dozen tiny, spinning drill bits of pure, concentrated sensation boring into her. They find the most sensitive spots with an uncanny, predatory precision- the soft space just below her ribs, the curve of her waist, the ticklish hollows of her hips. Each touch sends a fresh, searing jolt through her, overriding her nervous system and forcing another peel of helpless laughter from her throat.

It’s not the playful, lighthearted laughter of a shared joke. It’s a violent, convulsive sound, ripped from her lungs against her will. Tears stream from her eyes, blurring the cavern into a swirl of shadow and distant light. Her chest aches with the effort of each gasping breath, her abdominal muscles cramping from the constant, violent contractions. She can feel her control slipping away, dissolving under this relentless assault.

With one final, cruel poke to her belly button that sends her into a spasm of silent, wheezing convulsions, the shadow seems to grow bored of its current toy. Its glowing fingers retreat, leaving a phantom tingling in their wake. Sumire is left on the floor, a limp, trembling mess, her body still twitching with aftershocks. She lies there, gasping for air, her face streaked with tears, the taste of humiliation bitter in her mouth. She can't move, can't think. All she can do is lie there, a hollowed out shell of a Phantom Thief, defeated not by a powerful blow, but by a simple, childlike torture.

The shadow doesn't waste a second. Its giggling form darts across the cavern, its target already chosen. Ann, who has been standing by, her whip coiled and ready, is caught completely off guard by the sudden change in targets. She tries to lash out, to crack her whip and keep the creature at bay, but she's a fraction of a second too slow.

The shadow's glowing fingers find their mark, skittering up her sides and under her arms. Ann freezes, a strangled gasp escaping her lips, followed by a choked, horrified sound that is half laugh, half sob. The shadow's grin widens, its attack growing more aggressive, more playful, and infinitely more cruel. Ann's body convulses, her whip falling from her grasp as she's overcome by the same helpless, hysterical torment that has claimed her friends. She stumbles backward, her arms pinned to her sides by her own involuntary spasms, her laughter echoing in the vast, empty space, a sound of defeat.

Ann's laughter is a frantic thing, a sound she barely recognizes as her own. It's a desperate, panicked noise that does nothing to stop the shadow's ceaseless assault. Its fingers are a blur of motion against her suit, finding the most sensitive spots with an unnerving accuracy. She tries to fight it, to summon her rage and turn it into a weapon, but the ticklish sensation is a hot brand on her nerves, overriding everything else. She feels herself shrinking, her bravado and confidence dissolving under this relentless, childish torture.

"No...stop...please..." she manages to gasp out, the words lost in another peal of helpless laughter.

The shadow doesn't listen. Its giggles are a constant, mocking soundtrack to her humiliation. It's enjoying this, reveling in her helplessness. Ann's vision swims, the cavern blurring into a swirl of color and light. She can feel her body giving out, her muscles screaming in protest. She's completely at the shadow's mercy, a toy to be played with and discarded at its whim.

Then, as suddenly as it began, it's over. The shadow's fingers retreat, leaving a phantom tingling in their wake. Ann stumbles backward, her body still twitching with aftershocks. Ann stumbles backward, her body still twitching with aftershocks. She lands hard on the ground, her breath coming in ragged, tearful gasps. She lies there, a limp, trembling mess, her body still shaking with the memory of the ticklish assault.

The shadow looks around the cavern, a triumphant grin on its face. Haru is still on her knees, her body still twitching with residual spasms, her breath coming in ragged, tearful gasps. Sumire is a limp, trembling mess, her body still twitching with aftershocks. Ann is a crumpled heap on the floor, her body still shaking with the memory of the ticklish assault. Only Makoto and Futaba remain standing, their faces pale with a mixture of fear and anger.

The shadow's gaze settles on Makoto. Its grin widens, and it takes a step forward, its glowing fingers wiggling in anticipation. Makoto's grip on her revolver tightens, her jaw set in a firm line. She's not going to go down without a fight. Makoto raises her gun, her aim steady and true. She's not going to let the shadow get to her, she's not going to let it win.

But the shadow is faster than she is. It darts forward, its glowing fingers a blur of motion. Makoto tries to fire, to get a shot off before it's too late, but the shadow is already on her. Its fingers find their mark, skittering up her sides and under her arms. Makoto freezes, a strangled gasp escaping her lips, followed by a choked, horrified laugh. The shadow's grin widens, its attack growing more aggressive, more playful, and infinitely more cruel. Makoto's body convulses, her revolver falling from her grasp as she's overcome by the same helpless, hysterical torment that has claimed her friends. She stumbles backward, her arms pinned to her sides by her own involuntary spasms, her laughter echoing in the vast, empty space, a sound of defeat.

Makoto's laughter is a tight, controlled thing, a desperate attempt to hold on to her composure in the face of this utter humiliation. Even so, she can't stop the sounds from escaping her lips. They're short, sharp gasps, punctuated by strangled sobs. She tries to fight it, to summon her willpower and push through the sensation, but it's no use. She feels herself shrinking, her authority and control dissolving under this relentless tickling.

The shadow's giggles are a constant, mocking soundtrack to her humiliation. It's enjoying this, reveling in her helplessness. Makoto's vision swims, the cavern blurring into a swirl of color and light. She can feel her body giving out, her muscles screaming in protest. She's completely at the shadow's mercy, a toy to be played with and discarded at its whim. She tries to hold on, to fight back, but it's no use. She can feel herself slipping, her mind going blank as the ticklish sensation overwhelms her.

Her mind, her greatest weapon, is not something she wants to let go of, and so, she tries to force herself to think through this. Breathe. Control your center of mass. Disengage from the stimulus. Think of something else. But the tickling is a tyrannical override. Each touch sends a jolt of pure, unadulterated chaos directly to her spinal cord, bypassing all rational thought. It's a system crash. Her composure, that carefully constructed fortress of discipline, is being breached by an enemy that doesn't fight fair. Her laughter is not laughter. It's a series of sharp, painful hiccups, a mechanical failure of her diaphragm. Her hands fly to her sides, not to push the shadow away, but in a futile attempt to clamp down on her own torso, to somehow armor herself from the inside. She grits her teeth, a strangled growl escaping her throat, but it's immediately swallowed by another helpless gasp of laughter.

The shadow seems to sense her inner struggle, her desperate attempt to retain a sliver of dignity. It revels in it. Its attack shifts, becoming more insidious. The glowing fingers spiderweb across her stomach, tracing nonsensical patterns that light up every nerve ending. One finger traces a slow, deliberate line up her ribs, a single, exquisitely torturous point of contact that makes her entire body seize. Her knees buckle. She feels her pride, her identity as the team's strategist and rock, crumbling like wet sand. She is reduced to a twitching, gasping organism, all higher function stripped away, leaving only this raw, humiliating sensation. With a final, vicious jab to her armpit, the shadow sends her sprawling. She lies there, panting, her body a live wire of phantom tingles, utterly defeated.

Now, only Futaba remains.

The shadow turns, its diapered form a grotesque parody of innocence. Its giggles, once infuriating, now sound utterly predatory. Futaba is frozen, her entire body locked in fear. The shadow doesn't dart. It walks, a slow, deliberate, taunting approach. It knows she has nowhere to run. Futaba's eyes dart around, desperately searching for an escape, a weapon, anything.

Then, the shadow is upon her. It raises its glowing hands. Futaba squeezes her eyes shut, a final, pathetic act of defiance. The fingers make contact, dancing across her shoulders and down her arms. The sensation that explodes through her is not a tickle. Not at first. It's a thousand needles, an electric shock that makes her entire body go rigid. A small, choked sound escapes her throat. Then, the needles soften, melting into a crawling, skittering feeling that is infinitely worse. It's inside her suit, under her skin, a hive of phantom insects burrowing through her muscles.

Her control shatters. She stumbles backward, her arms flailing, her legs tangling beneath her. She trips over her own feet and goes down in a heap. The shadow is on her in an instant, its glowing fingers a blur of motion against her stomach, her sides, the sensitive backs of her knees. Futaba's laughter is a nonstop siren of pure distress. She tries to curl into a ball, to make herself a smaller target, but the shadow is everywhere. Its touch is a constant, overwhelming assault, a sensory input so powerful it whites out her thoughts. She can't breathe, can't see, can't think.

Futaba's shrieks dissolve into a frantic whine. She's a wriggling, squirming ball on the cavern floor, a creature of pure instinct and reaction. The shadow’s fingers are maddeningly precise. Each touch sends a fresh, electrifying jolt through her, a circuit overload. She feels her thoughts dissolving into static. The intricate maps of Mementos she holds in her mind, the data streams she processes with ease, all of it is gone, wiped clean by this relentless, simple sensation. She is reduced to nerve endings and reflex, a puppet dancing on the cruel strings of the shadow's touch.

The shadow seems to sense when she's reached her absolute limit. Her movements become weaker, her cries less frantic. With a final, almost gentle pat on her head, the shadow backs away. The glowing pink light in its fingers fades. The tickling stops.

For a moment, there is only silence, broken by the sound of five girls gasping for air, their bodies still twitching with phantom sensations. They lie scattered across the cavern floor like discarded dolls, their weapons lying beside them.The shadow stands in the center of the room, its hands on its hips.

The shadow looks at each of them in turn, a slow, deliberate survey. Its grin is gone, replaced by a look of cool, calculating amusement. It seems to be savoring this moment, this quiet tableau of their humiliation. However, the battle is not over yet.

The five girls struggle to their feet, a slow, painful process. Their bodies are still humming with the ghost of the tickling, a phantom crawling under their skin. They grab their weapons, the familiar weight a small comfort against the encroaching dread. The battle is not over. But this new phase feels different. The tickling was an assault on their dignity, a cruel, childish torment. Now, things feel heavier, as if things are about to get even worse for them.

They reform their circle, their movements a little slower, a little more hesitant. The shadow doesn't move. It just stands there, watching them. Then, it raises its hands again. This time, there is no glowing pink light. Instead, a faint, shimmering blue mist emanates from its fingertips.

It's a deceptively gentle spell. At first, the girls feel nothing. They brace themselves, expecting another ticklish assault, but nothing comes. The blue mist washes over them, a cool, invisible tide. It's…pleasant. It feels like stepping into a cool shower on a hot day. For a brief, foolish moment, they think the shadow is healing them.

Then, a familiar, unwelcome sensation begins to bloom in Makoto’s lower abdomen. It's a slow, insidious warmth, a gentle pressure that is almost easy to ignore at first. But it's there, and it's growing.

She glances at the others. She can see it in their eyes, the same dawning horror. Sumire's hand goes to her stomach, her face pale. Haru shifts her weight, a subtle, almost unconscious motion. Ann’s brow furrows in concentration, her jaw tight. They all feel it. The shadow hasn't healed them. It's filled them.

The battle resumes, but it's a different kind of fight now. Every move is calculated, every strike measured. They are no longer just fighting a shadow. They are fighting their own bodies. The pressure is a constant, insidious companion, a low, thrumming hum beneath the surface of the battle. They fight, and the pressure grows. They dodge, and the pressure tightens. They land a hit, and the pressure becomes a sharp, demanding pulse.

It's a psychological torment of the highest order. Every swing of Haru's ax, every crack of Ann's whip, every precise shot from Makoto's revolver is now accompanied by a frantic internal calculation. *How much more can I take? How much more can they take?" The connection between them, once a source of solidarity, is now a multiplier of their anxiety. She knows, with a terrifying certainty, that the pressure she feels is the same pressure they all feel.

They work together, their movements a desperate, frantic dance. They try to corner the shadow, to land a decisive blow, to end this before it's too late. But the shadow is a frustratingly elusive opponent. It ducks and weaves, its giggles a constant, mocking soundtrack to their silent, desperate struggle. It's not just fighting them anymore, it's playing with them.

The pressure is a constant, relentless tide, and they are all drowning in it. Makoto feels her control slipping, her focus narrowing to a single, all consuming need. She can feel her bladder stretching, a tight, aching balloon inside her. The urge to squirm, to press a hand between her legs, is overwhelming, but she fights it. Not here, not in front of this...thing.

She looks at Ann, who is moving with a frantic, desperate energy, her face a mask of concentration. She can see the same struggle in Ann's eyes, the same desperate battle against her own body. They are all in this together, a shared, silent suffering that binds them together in this awful, intimate way.

For Futaba, the pressure is a system wide failure. It's a constant, throbbing red alert in her body's operating system, and there's no override command. She can't reroute the signals, can't create a firewall against the sensation. Her mind, her sanctuary, is now a prison, and the walls are closing in. Each step, each dodge, each frantic attempt to land a hit sends a fresh jolt of agony through her, a reminder of her own vulnerability.

She feels the others' desperation as if it were her own, a feedback loop of shared anxiety that amplifies her own panic. She can see it in their tense postures, their grim expressions. She can hear it in their strained breathing. They are all losing control, and there is nothing she can do to stop it. She tries to focus, to find a weakness in the shadow's defenses, but her thoughts are a jumbled mess of static. Her usual processing power, her ability to see the patterns, to find the exploit, is completely gone, wiped out by this relentless, biological imperative. She is no longer a genius navigator, a master of the digital world. She is just a girl, trapped in a body that is betraying her, a prisoner in her own mind. The urge to curl into a ball, to press her hands between her legs and just give in, is overwhelming, but she fights it, a desperate action against the inevitable.

For Sumire, the rising pressure is a violation of the self she has fought so hard to build. This entire ordeal has been a nightmare regression, forcing her back into a state of childish helplessness she despises. And this is the ultimate indignity. Her body, the vessel she is training to be strong, capable, and graceful, is now a vessel of betrayal. She fights with a frantic energy, her lunges becoming more desperate, her strikes less precise.

She's not just trying to defeat the shadow anymore; she's trying to outrun the sensation, to distract herself with the rhythm of combat, the sharp focus required for a sword fight. But her focus is shattered. Every parry, every pivot, sends a fresh, sickening lurch of urgency through her. She can feel the others' shared anxiety like a humid, suffocating fog. She knows Makoto is calculating, that Ann is furious, that Futaba is panicking. She feels it all, and it makes her own desperation feel cheap and exposed.

For Haru, the building pressure is a quiet, creeping dread, a poison seeping into the core of her carefully maintained grace. She has always valued her composure, her gentle but unwavering control. The battle is a dance, and she has always been a precise, elegant partner. Now, the music has become a discordant, frantic shriek, and her body refuses to follow the lead. Every swing of her ax, once a fluid motion, is now a desperate gamble, a lunge that she fears will be the one to break the dam.

The sensation isn't a loud, demanding alarm; it's a dull, persistent ache that gnaws at her from the inside. She feels it in the tightening of her thighs, in the way her spine tenses with every jarring impact. The weight of her own armor suddenly feels immense, pressing down on her bladder, a constant, crushing reminder of her vulnerability. She fights on, her face a mask of serene concentration, but her eyes tell a different story. They are wide with a quiet, desperate panic. She feels the others' shared desperation, a chaotic mixture of anxiety that makes her own heart flutter wildly. She tries to find a moment of peace, a brief respite to regain her composure, but the shadow gives her no quarter.

For Ann, the pressure is a white hot rage, a fury directed inward as much as at the shadow. Her body has become a traitor, a weak, undisciplined thing that refuses to obey her will. Every crack of her whip, once an extension of her own defiant spirit, now feels like a desperate plea. The leather whistles through the air, but her focus is shot, splintered by the insistent, demanding throb from below.

She's used to being in control of her form, using it as a weapon and a statement. Her movements are confident, powerful, designed to dominate. Now, every step is a calculation, a negotiation with a body that is screaming for relief. The urge to clamp her thighs together, to stop everything and just breathe through the wave of urgency, is a physical itch she can't scratch. She feels the combined panic of her friends, a toxic cocktail that fuels her own anger. She sees Sumire's faltering grace, Haru's strained composure, and it makes her want to scream. This isn't a battle of strength or strategy anymore; it's a battle of bladder control, and it's a battle she is terrifyingly close to losing. Her jaw is a hard line, her knuckles white on her whip's handle, a picture of defiance on the verge of shattering.

The pressure is a symphony of shared suffering, a crescendo of pure desperation. They are all reaching their breaking point, their bodies screaming for a relief that they know, with a terrifying certainty, will only come at the cost of their dignity. They fight on their movements a frantic, futile attempt to outrun the inevitable.

It happens in the middle of a coordinated lunge. Makoto provides cover fire, her shots forcing the shadow to dodge left, directly into the path of Haru’s descending ax. It’s a perfect setup, the kind of seamless teamwork they’ve spent months honing. Haru swings, a powerful, graceful arc meant to cleave the creature in two. But as her feet plant for the strike, the sheer, overwhelming pressure becomes a tidal wave, a final, catastrophic failure of the dam.

Her legs, her anchors, give out. Her ax swings wild, missing its target by a mile and clattering to the floor. She doesn't even make a sound. She simply crumples, her body slumping to the ground. And then it begins. The soft, tell tale hiss, barely audible over the sounds of battle, followed by the spreading warmth that soaks through the fabric of her fluffy shorts.

And then, as if a switch has been flipped, it happens to all of them.

The sensation is a mirrored catastrophe. Makoto feels the warmth bloom between her legs, a sudden, shocking heat that spreads with terrifying speed, trapped by the black leather. Ann feels it as a hot, sudden betrayal. The crack of her whip is cut short, the leather falling limp in her hand as the warmth floods her suit. A choked sob, half anger, half humiliation, tears from her throat. She stumbles back, one hand flying to her crotch in a pathetic gesture.

Rivulets of urine run down Sumire's legs as they escape her leotard, warm and unmistakable. For Futaba, it is a complete system shutdown. The sensation is a final, brutal error message, a blue screen of death for her entire being. She doesn't even have the strength to fall. She just stands there, a statue of shame, as the warmth spreads through her suit, a wet, damning proof of her helplessness.

And in that moment of stunned silence, of absolute humiliation, something inside them snaps. It's not a sound or a thought, but a shared, unified emotion. It is a pure, rage that burns away the shame, incinerates the embarrassment, and leaves behind a core of cold, hard fury. Effortlessly, the shadow is swiftly defeated.

~X~

That night, for the first time in what feels like an eternity, they sleep without fear. There are no lingering anxieties, no half-formed nightmares about laughing shadows or mounting pressure. They sleep deeply, dreamlessly, and when they wake, the sun is already high in the sky.

For a few, precious moments, Ann lies in bed, basking in the simple, glorious feeling of normalcy. Then, she feels it. A familiar, unwelcome warmth spreading through her pajama pants. Her eyes fly open, her heart plummeting into her stomach. It's not a dream. It's real. A wave of panic washes over her as she frantically checks her phone. A flurry of messages confirms her worst fears. It's not just her. It's all of them.

The shared hope, the fragile belief that their nightmare was over, shatters into a million pieces. They gather again, this time not in a hidden alley or a bustling cafe, but in the lobby of a drugstore. They know what they have to do.

The girls move as a single, somber unit, their footsteps echoing in the unnaturally quiet aisles. They find the right section without even having to look, a grim, unspoken consensus guiding them. The sheer variety is overwhelming, a wall of products that speaks to a world of needs they've never considered. There are brands with smiling babies, brands with promises of discretion, brands that look like they were designed for a different kind of life entirely.

Makoto and Futaba are the ones to make the decisions, trying to make this as quick, painless, and practical as possible. However, with a group of teenage girls in line, all buying a brand of adult diapers, checking out one by one, it’s no wonder that the five of them get quite a lot of stares from adults and children alike. For now, it seems their shared humiliation is only just beginning.

