The Omorium Wars

Author: ZeraSeraphim

*000*2013-08-08 14:47

(Author's Note: As I said the other day in my post in the general discussion board, this may be the stupidest idea I've ever had (I really need to cut back on the drugs), but it got some positive comments so I figured, what the hell. Be warned, these stories focus mainly on omorashi in a massive way, though I don't think crowd will have a problem with that, lesbianism (author is bisexual), orgies, and many many other lewd concepts that my boyfriend, Faust, will be helping me come up with. So, very not safe for work is what I'm trying to say. Oh, and please don't be offended by the silliness of this story. It's supposed to take a refuge in audacity)

Chapter 1: The Story Thus Far.

War. Some say it never changes, but that's not right, is it? Every new war is fought for a new cause. The crusades sacrificed thousands of lives in the name of Gods that no one had ever seen or spoken to, and in the twilight years of the 20th century, the Dominance Wars practically and literally tore civilization a new one in the name of freedom. Every war finds a new way to be fought, and one invented during the Dominance Wars was the beginning of the end for this chapter of civilization.

See, in those years, the entire basis of the conflict centered around the enslaved individuals of civilization, referred to as kittens or pets, and the skilled masters of sorcery belonging to the Lust Goddess, Saril, called Masters, Mistresses, or Dommes if you're boring. Since they had no magic of their own, the enslaved came up with a technology that would emulate magic, calling it Techmaturgicka. The first instance of this kind of weapon was a small disk shaped grenade that could be thrown a significant distance, and would explode, releasing a pent-up charge of aphrodisical energy. The effects were very pronounced, and victims of it were instantly incapacitated, their minds nearly feral afterward, looking to use anything that moved as a humping pillow, and maybe anything that didn't as well. For a time, the Enslaved were winning and it looked like the conflict would be brought to a close.

However, in those next few years, a new element appeared on the planet in response to so many pulses of sexual energy. The lab coats claimed that it was a build-up of repressed desires, sort of like mineral deposits on a water line, but had a very unique effect is that physical contact with it nearly caused one's bladder to burst. Was a real shock for me when I got my first dose of it. I pissed all down my legs, and never even had a chance to react to it. It was like I'd held it for hours and hours without realizing it and my body made the decision for me. Not really something I'd like to repeat...

They called the new substance Omorium, and the more lust-centric weapons that were used in the Dominance Wars, the more is caused this blue crystal to grow. Since it contained so much pent-up desire, it was quickly discovered that it was a fantastic energy source. Now, the part that wasn't readily understood at first is that, while Omorium makes the fairer sex squirmy and waterlogged, its radiation was almost certainly lethal to males. Their bodies just could not withstand the sudden shock, the abrupt arousal, and the strain it put on their hearts. The only ones who could survive were the ones with the strongest wills, the most durable libidos, and being able to use magic well didn't hurt their chances either. Within months, 90% of males on the planet were dead, and within years, Omorium had grown to such a point that society was on the verge of collapse. Its radiation was everywhere, and common use of the word “Master” faded from memory.

In response to the Omorium threat, what few governments remained pooled their resources and created the Global Defense Initiative, or GDI. Their mandate was simple at first: study Omorium, discover a way to force its growth to slow or regress, and research possible practical applications. For a few years, GDI was allowed to work tirelessly, unmolested, and managed to slow Omorium growth by 25%.

However, there were some who didn't like that. To the feral slaves, this Omorium ridden wasteland was a thing of beauty; a heaven to them. There were no harsh and cruel Masters or Mistresses telling them what to do, or how to act. All they needed to do in their days was find food for themselves and find a willing partner to relieve their Omorium-based tensions with, which honestly was not hard at all. The idea of returning to the old ways was horrifying to them, and started to struggle to keep their new way of life. At first, the resulting resistance was paltry and disorganized. No one really expected a rag-tag band of sex-crazed submissives to actually put up a fight, right? That was until HE came onto the scene.

Practically overnight, the submissives went from being a pesky annoyance to waging an organized and tactically brilliant campaign of total war against the GDI, sporting insane magical weapons they could never had developed themselves, and it was all thanks to their new leader: a sorcerer named Faustus Necromonium.

In the final days of the Dominance Wars, Necromonium was someone of little consequence, opting to spend his days learning the subtleties of magic when he wasn't working to support himself. He'd foreseen the appearance of Omorium, and was one of the 10% of males who were completely unaffected by its radiation due to his mastery of lewd magics. When the collapse of society came, he'd already collected a small harem of loyal subjects and, rather than ruling them and lording his magic over them, he treated them as equals and loved them all deeply. Such an attitude was exceedingly rare in the dominant community, and, when word spread of this sorcerer, followers flocked to his side. So, seeing the stress and worry caused by the thought of recession of Omorium and the return to the old ways, it didn't take long for Faust to turn his knowledge to building methods of combating the dominant remnant that was the GDI.

Lewd weapons and magics were a gimmick in the Dominance wars, a way to disable and disgrace someone who very much thought they were in control. In this new conflict, they were the weapon of choice. GDI was attacked with Omorium-tipped bullets, that did little physical damage but put a target on the verge of wetting themselves, Lasers that were focused through an Omorium-lens that would induce nearly uncontrollable waves of need and desire in their target in addition to doing unhealthy things to metal and clothing while leaving flesh alone, and devices that released dozens of Faust's favored spell, “Aqua Drop”. Now under an organized banner and unquestioningly following their leader, Faust, and his right hand go-to girl, Yuno Gasai, the submissives of the wastes rebranded themselves, “The Sisterhood of Nod” in reference to the kingdom that was founded after humanity left the Garden of Eden in biblical lore. The war was back on.

Obviously needing to keep pace, GDI reactivated the original project to produce lewd weapons, and, thanks to capturing samples of the weapons Faust was providing his followers with, made substantial headway in producing their own. However, lacking the jaw-dropping sorcerous abilities of Faust, GDI was forced to make-do with technical weapons that only simulated the effects of magic, referring to a term from the old world, Techmaturgicka, to describe it.

Now, GDI and Nod forces engage in a constant struggle in every corner of the wastes. Casualties are almost unheard of with the advent of lewd weaponry, but the side whose will to fight gives out last is usually declared the winner. Because of the threat generated by Nod, efforts to repress Omorium have almost completely ceased, and it is spreading unchecked through nearly every region. I'm not sure how much longer we can hold back this pressure...

My name is Claire Hand, and I am a Zone Commando for the Global Defense Initiative. I will post the results of my desperate struggle to this board whenever I can, because, honestly, someone needs to know whats going on out here and remember it in case we're all brain-dead humping pillows tomorrow.

These are the stories of the Omorium Wars.

*003*2013-08-09 07:03

Chapter 2: Street-side Skirmish

Once hostilities had been declared, the Global Defense Initiative and the Sisterhood of Nod had chosen territories and locations for their base of operations. For the GDI, the decision was simple and warranted little debate, choosing to settle within the remains of several of the more famous office buildings in the ruins of New York. From there, they could coordinate their forces quickly and easily, not to mention scavenge the ruins for spare parts whenever they had the time to do so. For Nod, the process was just as simple to them, though more complicated to an outsider. Niagara Falls was not merely a collective of three separate waterfalls, but also 3 separate mystical ley lines that only Faust could perceive. Once his citadel was constructed there, he possessed all the power required for destruction, alteration and conjuration magics, not to mention enchanting some of the items of his favored fortunate elite, the Lovely Elite Women's Division.

A common battleground for them both though is the remains of a Omorium-saturated town who's name had been forgotten by time. Now, both sides simply referred to it as “The Junkyard”, due to the wreckage that had been left there prior to the conflict, and it is here that the story begins.

Nod scouts had noticed GDI moving in to the Junkyard before they'd even had a chance to unpack their mobile construction vehicle. It was pretty common knowledge the Initiative just didn't bother with stealth, and instead preferred simple, overwhelming brute force. And nothing summed this up more efficiently than the Mammoth Tank. A Linda Jenkins watched from a burned out building as a Mammoth simply rolled over the wreckage of a car, staring from a pair of binoculars with the iconic Nod scorpion tail logo on the side.

“Probably didn't even notice the bumps....” she mused, trying to adjust to lay more comfortably from her hiding spot. Though, the tight leather of the Nod uniform she'd been given, and her generous D cup breasts made this difficult. After watching for a few more minutes, noticing several APCs and Troopers of various types filing into the area, it was pretty clear that the Initiative was moving in, and it was Nod's job to run the ugly kids out of town. Making a quick count of how many troopers and vehicles she could see from her hiding place, Linda made the hop down to street level, and started toward where her recon team was keeping the telepathic relay; basically what Nod used in favor of GDI's radio network.

Suddenly, something slammed into her shoulder. It hurt slightly worse than the average paintball round, but immediately, she felt pressure in her lower tummy. The only explanation is that a sniper had spotted her and tagged her with an Omorium-tipped round. Linda quickly ducked behind a shattered piece of asphalt, and tried to calm her nervous bladder. She reached into her pack, and activated the summoning rune that kept her Akuwa Rifle in a tiny pocket dimension. It appeared in a tiny flash in her hands, serviced, polished and looking like it had just been assembled. Even if Linda had no clue where that sniper was, if she had a general idea, she could possibly scare them enough to let her pass through without being further molested.

She placed a hand on the edge of the asphalt, and slowly peeked up over it, scanning the buildings and roads for any angle that some GDI dweeb would have a shot on her, and was rewarded for her caution by another Omorium-tipped round hitting the side of her neck. She quickly ducked back down, rubbing the sting out of her neck, and let out a quiet whimper as her bladder filled further. This wasn't going very well....

Linda knew she never had the best bladder control in the Sisterhood, and she also knew she could only endure one or two more shots from that Mageslayer rifle before her dignity would be running down her legs in sheets. The chance of her actually finding the sniper before that happened was absolutely zero, seeing as how her last attempt went. It was time for something desperate and stupid.

Breaking from cover, she sprinted as quickly as her legs could carry her for a taxi that looked like it'd been sitting there for eons, completely rusted out and looking like it wouldn't stop a small rock being thrown at it, much less a Mageslayer Omorium-tipped Sniper round. She dove behind it just as the tell-tale “pssshow!” sound rang out in the junkyard. The round passed right through the rusted out metal, just as Linda knew it would, and grazed her butt slightly, causing her bladder to throb, and her to groan, “ohhhh that was close!”. She picked herself up and tried the same tactic again, making a mad dash for the half of a bus station that was still standing. The same sound rang out from the destroyed apartment blocks to her left as she made a dive for the cover of the bus station, and felt the impact just below her belly button.

Linda laid there behind the bus stop in utter bladder agony. Not only was the Omorium relentlessly tormenting her tiny little piddle pot, that sniper had deliberately pegged her there, the reverberating impact taking the unnecessarily unpleasant and turning it into a living hell. She could feel the liquid sloshing back and forth inside her bladder, the only thing keeping it from ruining her pristine white cotton underwear and her black uniform being a tiny bundle of rapidly tiring muscle. And that sniper had aimed to hit her there deliberately. “Who the hell is this woman?! Who does that, seriously?!” Linda exclaimed out loud, another round passing through the rotten wood of the bus station right over her head, politely telling her to shut up.

The low rumble of tanks and other vehicles told her that she didn't have much time left to call this in, not that she had much time left before her bladder gave out either. There was only a block or two left before she reached the bed and breakfast her team was hiding out in. She frantically pondered why this sniper had chosen there to set up, and how long she'd been there. Her bladder suddenly spasmed, nearly at the end of its endurance and on the verge of making the decision to relieve itself without Linda's consent.

Another few minutes or even so much as a graze would do her in. She could barely think straight, she could barely even see from the strain of containing her own personal ocean, and sure as hell couldn't sprint and dive again without bursting all over the street. Her uniform zipped down from the neck, and she couldn't relieve herself unless she took it off entirely, possibly a design choice from Faust himself. “No....that sniper would nab me for sure if I.....time for something more desperate. More stupid...” she muttered, her voice quivering a bit.

Taking another summoning rune from her pack, she carefully aimed it so that the portal would open inside the apartment buildings across the street. It was further than she could throw, and she could only vaguely guess where her tormenter was hiding, but even if worst came to worst, it'd distract her and let her move through the street without wetting herself.....hopefully. The portal opened with a strange zipping sound, and the pear-shaped aqua-blast grenade sailed through the broken window, landing with a soft thump. A loud cry of “AW CRAP!!!” rang out into the street, swiftly followed by the whumpf of the aqua-blast grenade detonating, sending clouds of dust through the open window.

“Awww dammit dammit dammit...” Amber muttered, her bladder mercilessly pumping a stream of pent-up urine into her khaki shorts. She'd already had to wee when she saw that Nod scout trying to get past her post, but put it off to toy with her. “How was I supposed to guess that maniac would try something like that....” she said aloud with a groan, filled with equal parts shame and relief. There's no way she'd be able to hit anything now, or even resist that scout if she barged in, looking to pay her back for her torture. Once her bladder had finished expelling its contents into her shorts, she packed up her Mageslayer rifle, and tried to slip back to the mobile construction vehicle for a change of clothes. If she was lucky, there wouldn't be anymore Nod troopers looking to give her a hard time....if she was lucky.

“Holy cow that was lucky....I didn't think I'd actually hit her!” Linda said from her bus station hiding place. She'd heard the loud scream, the boom, and the hissing sound of an uncontrollable release that followed. The last one had tormented her own bladder awfully, but at least she didn't have to worry about being sniped on her way back.

Hobbling as quickly as she could, she barged into the bed and breakfast her team was staying at, and was nearly shot by her own for her lapse in judgment.

“Saril, Linda! I almost blew your butt off!” her captain, a member of the Lovely Elite Women's Division, exclaimed.

“No time...b...bathroom....NOW!” Linda stammered. Jogging the past few blocks had jarred her bladder every step of the way. Even as her team captain pointed to where the thaumaturgist of the group had deployed a mobile bathroom, Linda felt herself leak a tiny spurt into her underwear and tensed up, hands clutching her leather clad crotch, doe eyes looking up at her commanding officer, and mouth grimacing to answer nature's call. She staggered into the mobile bathroom, and shifted into the tiny pocket dimension that had been set up there.

In the army of Nod, anyone can activate a summoning rune by touch and will, but it requires a thaumaturgist to twist space so the doorway of one room ends up in another. Thankfully, this one had done their job right, and Linda didn't have to suffer what happened to another Nod trooper last month. She had gone through a portal and ended up inside director Emil's office, who acted as leader of the GDI. They had never heard from that poor woman again...

Linda wasn't in a state to worry about that right now though. She frantically unzipped her leather bodysuit and let it pile down on the floor, revealing the pink nipples and curvy breasts of someone who had forgotten a bra that morning before going on patrol, and yanked her moist cotton, and now slightly yellowed, panties down. She didn't even have a chance to fully sit down before her bladder contracted sharply and a stream erupted from her exhausted and tortured peehole. “ohhhhhh I didn't think I was gonna make it,” she uttered in a guttural groan. She peed on and on and on, easily dwarfing the contents of Amber's bladder, the sniper who had absolutely tortured her on the way here. Savoring the blissful release of a deflating and finally an empty bladder, Linda tore off a piece of toilet paper, cleaned herself up as best she could, and got back into uniform to make her report.

“What happened out there, Jenkins? You usually don't let it go that long,” her captain inquired, concerned.

“Initiative are moving into the Junkyard, ma'am. I counted at least 5 Mammoth Tanks, a few infantry divisions, 2 harvesters, and a mobile construction yard,”

“We have to call this in. We can't afford to lose our access to Zacharie,” she responded, referencing to the Junkyard's only living permanent resident. She knelt down by the relay, and, brushing her green hair aside, flipped the device on and slipped on the headset. “This is recon team leader Tatsumaki calling in to Nod Command....are you receiving me, sisters?”

“This is Faust. I take it the breeze carries more than just your lovely voice?” the charismatic leader of Nod answered back, his voice echoing into her mind.

Suppressing a blush, Wynn continued,” I'm afraid I have some bad news, Lord Faust. One of my scouts just reported that the GDI are invading the Junkyard in force. They haven't found Zacharie yet, but its only a matter of time....”

“Hmmm....that poses a problem. How many are there?”

“ 5 Mammoth Tanks, a few infantry divisions, 2 harvesters, and a mobile construction yard,” Wynn responded, parroting the report her subordinate had given.

“Move out, and take the spots they're leaving open. They'll have to double back, or lose something... In which, we can ambush them”

“Our orders are to harass the enemy until reinforcements arrive then? I'm only in command of a few shadow teams,” Wynn said, hoping for her Lord to send in a force of equal strength to route her would-be oppressors.

“Do what you can, but don't get too close.. I don't want to lose you, after all”

Forced to suppress another blush, Wynn answered back, “we'll be careful, Lord Faust. What kind of response can we expect from Nod on this end?”

“An....interesting one,” Faust responded cryptically before cutting the link and getting up from the relay node.

“The initiative has never tried to claim territory so far north...I'm concerned,” a high-pitched voice said from behind a screen, its owner dressing from casual wear to battle-grade uniform.

“Maybe they're searching for.....a pole,” Faust answered, coyly, winning him a withering glance from the pink-haired beauty behind the screen.

“Faust, please take this seriously.... Zacharie has been our ally since this war began, and he's never been threatened. If the GDI takes the Junkyard.....”

“ They won't. They might have better Forces...But we've got the Home field advantage. We know the area better than them.. And you know what they say...Knowledge is power,” Faust replied sagely, stepping out onto a balcony where all of Nod was preparing to do battle with their oppressive enemies. His right hand go-to girl, Yuno Gasai, stepped out onto the balcony with him, surveying the tanks, the aircraft they'd been able to piece together from old records, and the sheer numerical advantage their troops held.

“I'd say that this is pretty powerful too....” she responded, slightly thrilled at the sight of it all.

Faust nodded silently, and made a sweeping gesture, his voice winning out over the hustle and bustle below, “Forces of Nod, move out!”

### EVA Database Spotlight ###

Class: Infantry weapon

Designation: SR-92 “Mageslayer” Sniper Rifle

Reserved for members of the Global Defensive Initiative who pass the expert endurance and marksmanship courses, the Mageslayer rifle fires 7.62 Omorium-tipped Anti-personnel rifle rounds. The sudden energy discharge of Omorium forces the bullet to impact with little more force than a paintball or a BB, but it is extremely accurate due to its “smart targeting” scope and recoil reduction design. Prior to firing, the rifle uses a momentary burst targeting laser to analyze distance, and environmental conditions such as wind speed, weather, and even the rotation of the Earth and compensates via motion and angle of the barrel so regardless of other factors, the sniper will hit the exact center of their reticule every time without fail.

This means that firing at a target during a howling hurricane will yield the exact same result as shooting at a static target during a calm day at the practice range. Target motion, however, it not factored into the weapon's microcomputer, and the targeting laser, while only visible for 0.02 seconds, does render the sniper in question vulnerable to be counter-sniped.

*005*2013-08-09 08:12

{{:

I like the detail in this, but you should try and not have it a giant wall of text. It's a tad bit difficult to read.

}}

Hm. Good point.

*edits chapter*

Better?

*009*2013-08-12 07:44

(Author's Note: Hey all. 3rd chapter involves a lot of battle, and it's taking longer than anticipated to get things rolling on that. This is just a filler detailing how Nod and GDI do some of the things they do in Omorium Wars. So, here, have some tech porn)

### EVA Database Spotlight ###

Class: Infantry weapons

Designation: GDI SBR & The Nod Akuwa Rifle

At first glance, the GDI Standard Battle Rifle appears similar to such weapons as the AR-15 prior to the Omorium Outbreak that rendered a large portion of the planet uninhabitable. However, as with all GDI techmaturgicka, it is more complicated than one may think. Within the SBR is a complex system of mass fabricators, microcomputers and mass reclaimation systems.

Whenever the trigger is pulled, the weapon draws upon a stored nanolathing pattern, and, using the theory of mass-energy equivocation, flash-forges an Omorium tipped bullet. A tiny magnetic coil then flings the bullet forward, at 545 rounds per minute. Given the overall energy potential of Omorium to power the fabricator and the coil gun, this makes ammunition in any engagement a non-issue.

Conversely, the Nod "Akuwa" rifle is more of a summoning rod than an actual weapon. Drawing its power from the elemental plane of water, the Akuwa rifle alters the flow of water within the body, and a few shots can completely disable a target in the usual means. The weapon uses Omorium as its power source, same the SBR, but the similarities end there.

Class: Heavy Armor

Designation: GDI Mammoth Heavy Assault Tank & The Nod Avatar War Golem

If there is one item in GDI's arsenal that demonstrates their techdency to engage in the excess, it is the Mammoth Heavy Assault Tank. Armed with twin turrets capable of firing a multitude of ammunition from anti-armor shredder shells to anti-personnel Omorium splatter rounds, the Mammoth is as versatile as it is armored. The driver is protected by nearly a foot of reactive armor as well Omorium radiation shielding. Earlier models of the Mammoth were constantly harassed by Nod aircraft, requiring the addition of twin anti-air missile pods. All this armament and protection demands, however, that the Mammoth move as slowly as its name sake. When it gets to where it is going though, damage is an unavoidable result.

Seeing Nod falling behind in the arms race against GDI, Sorcerer Faust personally designed the Avatar War Golem. Despite requiring a pilot, the Avatar is referred to as a Golem on account of its ability to move with such agility and grace that it more resembles an extention of the will of the user rather than a true machine (For the record, Sorcerer Faust finds the act of Nod personnel break dancing while piloting an Avatar rather humorous).

In addition to its ability to simply stomp anything that gets near it, the Avatar is armed with a laser on each arm capable of such heat and precision that its pilot can literally carve an enemy out of their vehicle. However, the true strength of the Avatar is its versatility. It can receive one of three upgrades in the field, such as the "Flames of Passion" enchantment.

While actually more of an artifact that an honest to goodness weapon, the Avatar can equip a flamethrower-esque weapon in addition to its laser cannons. While the lasers disable personnel and armor by focusing through a specially enchanted Sarillian lens, the Flames of Passion inflict such extreme sexual desire and need in affected targets that they are removed from combat for some time.

The second upgrade is a retrofit the Avatar's laser cannons, transforming them into mechanisms that project pure, unfiltered Omorium radiation. Armor and bodily functions react in the predictable fashion when struck by this weapon.

Finally, an aspiring Avatar pilot can opt to fit their golem with a magical relay node that constantly casts supporting and buffing enchantments on every Nod unit nearby. This reinforces fighting spirit, heals injuries rapidly, and even has a small chance of deflecting techmaturgickal effects.

Class: Potential Threat

Designation: [REDACTED]

Warning: The following is classified level X-ray by the Global Defense Initiative. Any unauthorized access is punishable with extreme force.

For some time now, GDI has been aware of a world that exists not quite parallel to our own, but more of a sister shadow to it. We refer to this as the [REDACTED]. The denizens of this world are barely sentient, but through means unknown as of yet, whenever someone from this world represses a thought of an unkind action, it is claimed by these strange creatures. This gives them form, and some degree of indepedent thought. They attempt to become us, or at least a darker, more morally extreme version of us. The sentient ones that we have seen are almost universally hostile, and attempted to murder their counterparts from this world on sight.

Furthermore, these spirits appear to be able to manipulate the physical darkness of this world and wield them as weapons and tools, though there is some degree of variability on their ability to do this. Some specimens could barely darken a room, but some immediately broke free of their containment and had to be destroyed. Omorium appears to shatter their physical bodies, but it is unknown if this truly destroys them.

A final word of warning. These spirits grow stronger the more repressed throughts they feed upon. The ones we encountered were drawn here by our own research staff. If a much stronger being were to cross over, such as one who has emulated Commander Hand, it is likely they could easily wipe out all factional activities on the eastern sea board.

*010*2013-08-14 05:40

Chapter 3: Scorpion Vs. Eagle.

Claire Hand's sliver hair fluttered lightly in the breeze of the Junkyard, the weight of her weapon of choice, a hyper-velocity rail gun, weighed down on her back, and her helmet in her hand. The Omorium canisters it fired at such high speed could shatter tank armor easily, mainly due to the blue crystal's interesting interaction with ferrous based molecules, and against a person, one shot would send their bladder into horrible contractions and a second shot would send their dignity running down their legs in a pool.

But, something had weighed down on Claire's mind. It'd been three days since Amber, one of her scouts, had reported Nod personnel inside the city, but after that, nothing. They either wanted to stay off GDI's radar, or they were preparing for something big. But, in true Nod style, they were neither here nor there, content to let shadows play mind tricks on the Initiative. For now, GDI ran regular patrols, found nothing, and continued to harvest Omorium to power their techmaturgicka.

“Don't know why we bother. Crap just grows back as fast as we can rip out of the ground anyway,” she muttered, watching a harvester do just that. It's two mechanical arms swept along the earth, pulling the Omorium crystals from their places and into the internal storage bin, and two more crystals instantly jutted upward, forming jagged spikes from the asphalt. The driver squirmed slightly, pressing a hand between her legs as the vehicle performed its automatic harvesting procedure, telling Claire that the radiation shielding wasn't as perfect as it could be.

Suddenly, she noticed a water puddle jitter slightly, a single sudden wave of vibration passing through it. It happened again, this time with a distant “boom”, and a rumble in her feet. Claire looked up, and saw something straight out of a nightmare. It had spindly limbs, but a bulbous body and no head, staring ahead with a single red eye. It quickly brought its arms up, moving more like a human than a robot, and fired two angry red beams at the harvester behind Claire. She put her helmet on just in time, as the Omorium inside the vehicle was flung out in every direction, splattering against her visor.

Time seemed to slow down for Marie. One moment, she was sitting semi-comfortable in her harvester, listening to the sound of the Initiative sponsored “Universal News Radio”, and, quickly following the alert of damage occurring to the harvester, she was thrown free from it thanks to the kinetic ejection system under her seat. She looked down as she spiraled through the air, and with a bit of dismay, saw the expanding red and orange cloud of an explosion centered around what used to be her harvester, its payload of Omorium being thrown in every direction as a blue mist. Command Hand got her helmet on just in time, her visor being splattered by the aerosol crystal.

Abruptly, Marie made contact with the ground, the KES slowing her fall from a lethal one to a merely injuring one, and felt a strange prickle run all over her body. It was then she realized that she hadn't landed on solid earth at all. She opened her eyes and stared down at the soft blue glow of an Omorium crystal. As realization dawned on her, so did the radiation. Without a power armor suit like what Commander Hand had on, her body was at the mercy of the lewd crystal, and within second, she felt her bladder swelling out of control.

Marie groaned and tried to get away, but moments are all one has when directly exposed to radiation. She slid off the crystal onto her feet, and jammed a hand between her desperate thighs, trying to get out of the field. Stumbling between crystals, she was bombarded from all sides by radiation, and the edges of her vision started to gray from the effort she was exerting to keep her rapidly growing ocean from overflowing its banks into her beige uniform pants.

For a brief moment, she could not hold back, and a tiny spurt escaped into her pure white cotton underwear. This forced her to stop, and try and regain control. To her eye, the crystals around her sensed her distress, and felt like they were squeezing her poor bloated bladder, putting so much pressure on it that it felt like it could pop. She fell to her knees, hardly able to see now, and feeling as if the fibers of her bladder were tearing apart. Unable to endure anymore of the harsh punishment, her body made the decision her mind would not, and, feeling like a needle had been plunged in her lower belly, her urinary muscles relaxed, releasing a hissing, sizzling torrent of hot pee into her panties, and soon after, her pants.

The tough material of her uniform darkened as a hiss rang out over the Omorium fields. Within seconds, her legs, her ass, even her socks were soaked from her explosive release. There was nothing she could do but sit there in the middle of the field, wetting and refilling from the radiation until someone came to help her. She couldn't move. She could hardly even see. Her entire world shrunk down to this one little patch of land; her own personal Omorashi hell.

But there was no time to help Marie now. Claire was facing down an Avatar War Golem: A Faustian creation that could reduce her to a horny cheerleader with one sweep of its arm lasers. Wiping the Omorium splatter from her visor, Claire made a sprint into an alley-way, feeling the heat of the Sarillian lasers licking at her heels. The remains of a wall to a Starbucks crashed to the ground behind her, its brickwork making a clattering sound, and the rest of the wall began to follow. Claire made a gesture with her eyes, activating her armor's jump pack UI, and targeted the second floor of an apartment building where Amber had tormented a hapless Nod scout half a week before. With a quick roar on a contrail, she was airborne in a broad arc, feeling like one of those zero gravity trampolines they had in the old world.

She hit the rotten wood floor in a dead sprint, and it was a damn good thing that she did as another crimson red laser shot right over her shoulder, blasting a hole straight in the roof. “Good...” she thought,” That Avatar is after me, not the harvester team. Makes this a little bit easier.” Claire made a small hop, brought her feet close together at a rotten part of the floor, crashing straight through to street level, and surely straining an ankle if not for her power armor. She looked back up into the hole in the ceiling, seeing the Avatar slamming its fist through the second floor, completely destroying it and sending debris flying into the street.

Her rail gun would hardly to anything to the war golem. At least, not before her power armor would be a distant memory and she'd be reduced to a horny mess masturbating on the sidewalk thanks to a Sarillian laser. With that in mind, Claire decided it was time for something stupid and desperate, and fished a pack of C4 explosive from her pack. Ordinarily, Zone Commandos were equipped with a new experimental beacon to use in this kind of situation, but Claire hadn't gotten one of those yet from HQ. Setting the timer for 10 seconds, and making the same gesture with her eyes, Claire took off with another roar and a contrail, practically slamming into the solid leg of the Avatar.

She only had time to slap the brick onto the ankle joint before the pilot noticed her, and grabbed her in its massive paw-like hand. It brought her up to eye level, letting Claire see the grinning Nod pilot sitting within, and started to squeeze. Instantly, her visor flashed with containment breach warnings and damage alerts, her armored suit crumbling like a pop can being squeezed. Clearly, this pilot meant to kill her, not just break her spirit according to the rules of engagement Nod and GDI agreed to in order to preserve their numbers. The basis of the Omorium Wars was to break the spirit of the other faction, not bring about an extinction level even, which, given the lack of men needed to repopulate the planet, was a very likely possibility if lethal methods were used.

Suddenly, the brick of C4 went off, blowing the Avatar's leg into shards of metal, and dropping it to the side. Claire was thrown free of its now useless hand, and panted roughly, tasting blood in her mouth from nearly being crushed to death. With a massive boom, the Avatar's sparking body slammed into the street, the area where the pilot sat smashing into the nearby apartment complex and finishing the job of destroying it. Slowly picking herself up, Claire saw the Avatar give its last twitchings, and lay still, broken beyond useability.

Amanda couldn't believe this! She'd been practically on cloud nine at hearing how she was going to be piloting a War Golem against the hated Initiative, and in her first fight ever, THIS happens. Slowly prying the hatch open and escaping the smoking wreck, Amanda climbed over the wreckage of the apartment building she had unnecessarily destroyed. As she was trying to figure out which was the nod base was, she felt something SLAM into her rump, practically knocking her off her feet. In the next instant, a wave of pressure passed over her poor tiny bladder, and forced a squirt from between her legs, her panties of white lace, the material clinging to her trembling girlhood as she tried to figure out what happened.

Claire chambered another canister after hitting the Nod pilot square in the ass with it, and pulled the trigger again, hitting her right upside the forehead, knocking her onto her back and giving her a nasty welt to go along with the usual effects on expects from Omorium. Lifting a heavy boot and planting it firmly against the pilot's distressed bladder, Claire lowered her gun to point right in the pilot's face.

“You tried to kill me...” she growled, her finger twitching on the trigger as the pilot frantically shook her head, her bladder throbbing wildly under Claire's heel. Deciding against bursting her bladder right here and now, she hauled the pilot to her feet. Despite her armor's servo motors broken beyond the point of any use, Claire still possessed great strength due to her commando training., and drove her toward the Omorium vein she was assigned to guard. By the time she realized what Claire had in mind, she had already pushed her onto a blue crystal, its radiation seeping into her frail body. “Stay there. We'll come by to pick you up in a few hours”

“A...ffffff....few hours!? GDI BITCH!! OPPRESSOR!!!” Amanda hollered after her before her voice left her. Having already taken two rounds, her bladder was bloated and exhausted and now with unfiltered radiation seeping into it, she was already leaking. The pink and white stripes of her underwear slowly grew damp as her muscles tired, allowing a tiny stream to flow into the material. That tiny stream grew by the moment, too much liquid and too much pressure against her. With a defeated moan, Amanda joined Marie in her omorashi hell, filling and releasing over and over until help arrived. Before her vision shrank away from the mental and bodily stress of the radiation, Amanda saw the vein growing in a massive crystalline outbreak, new crystal spires jutting up through the pavement and crawling up the wall of a half-destroyed Starbucks, growing from the two girls trapped within cold, unfeeling grasp.

While she had been fighting a lone Avatar, undoubtedly ordered to come to this position and disrupt GDI harvesting operations, Claire could hear the main fight unfolding near the landmark referred to by some as the “Karma Temple” due to its resemblance to a certain castle from a video game before the Omorium outbreak. In all actuality, it was a convention hall, but that's beside the point. As Claire rounded the corner, a massive Mammoth tank and a pair of Wolverine walkers, sporting a twin chain guns each, rolled past.

Ordinarily, they would stop and ask why her armor was in such bad shape, but they had bigger concerns. The Mammoth rolled over a patch of rubble, and fired its twin cannons at an Avatar War Golem towering over a battle line of Nod troops and lesser “Scorpion” class light tanks. It staggered slightly from the impact, and raised a spindly arm, laser fire glancing off the Mammoth's heavy armor. The Scorpion tanks, also spotting the newcomers to the fight, activated a series of grinders and drills, digging themselves down into the street so that only their turrets were exposed.

“Wow. That's actually a really good idea!” Claire heard the Mammoth pilot idly mutter over the radio.

“Yeah! Maybe next time, WE can use it!” her gunner fired back, obviously not as enamored with Nod technology. A series of anti-tank shells slammed into the Mammoth's side, this time their Omorium payloads breaking through part of its armor to expose the vulnerable girls inside. The driver quickly worked the damaged treads to rotate the Mammoth so its undamaged side was facing the Scorpion tanks, and the gunner rotated the turret to accommodate the motion.

By the time, the tank was rotated, the twin guns were in perfect position to take another shot at the Avatar, seeing as how it was the bigger, stronger target. This time, instead of making it stagger with a glancing shot, the canisters penetrated the damaged armor, and destroyed whatever power plant Faust fit to place inside his War Golems. The Avatar was destroyed with a titanic explosion, and Claire watched the pilot, crying and dismayed over the loss of her precious toy, be flung from by the kinetic ejection system, a wet patch spreading down her legs and leaving a trail through the air.

“Ha! I always hoped there'd be a rainbow when I make them do that!”

“What's this “I make them do that?” crap?! You didn't do anything! Now get us out of here before they blow us up instead!” the irate gunner shot back again. The Mammoth rolled out just as the Scorpions fired again, glancing the back of its armor and giving the girls inside a jolt instead of a final blow. Waiting until it was near, Claire jumped from her hiding place, and into the interior, making them both jump.

“SARIL LYRAS!!!” the driver blasphemed, slamming on the brakes out of shock.

“I'd appreciate it if you didn't take that name in vain,” Claire idly muttered, removing her helmet, “I need to get back to the F.O.B. My armor's damaged, and I don't have anything to take out those Golems with”

“We were just heading back there ourselves. It's been a war zone out there all morning. Nod's launched a full-scale assault on the Junkyard, and they're protecting Karma Temple like it's their baby or something!” the driver commented, putting her Mammoth back into gear and resuming her course toward the GDI forward operating base.

It was a short trip back, even if a Mammoth's pace is barely faster than walking speed. Claire slid out of the hole in the hull as repair drones converged on it, smearing nanite paste over it for fast, immediate repairs, and approaching the command center, a building with a large radar dish on top of it and a communications link to their head quarters in Manhattan. As she entered, she found the base's commanding officer, an Erin Werner, in conversation with Jessica Emil, the director of the GDI.

“and apparently, Faust is using some kind of new stealth technology. We can see what is there, but for some reason or another, the viewer just doesn't care to report it. It's messing with our heads, Director”

“An Apathy Field Generator...” Jessica mused quietly, folding her hands in front of her face. “Vahlen, where do we stand on deploying the cannon?”

A voice from off camera frantically stammered, “it...it's not ready yet, Director! We only just managed to get it working! There's still so many systems to test before an actual firing!”

“Then skip the spinning rims. Our back is to the wall here,” the good director fired back before turning to Erin,” I'm sending a target designator via MTG. Have one of your Commandos target the main Nod base, and we'll take care of the rest, Commander”

A relay node of the Material Trans-location Grid activated just as Jessica finished speaking, creating the wire frame of a device slightly resembling a handgun, then filling it in with a green texture before finally rendering the details such as metal, a trigger, and a laser emitter. Without even announcing her presence, Claire snatched it up, looking it over.

“It almost feels like a toy,” she muttered, turning it over.

“Nice to know you're back from the field, Hand. How are things down at the palace?” Erin asked, smugly.

“Killed an Avatar and have two girls, one ours, one theirs, needing extraction from an Omorium field, and that was left handed before breakfast. So, I'm just supposed to prance on over to the Nod base and wave this nerf gun at them?”

“It's straight from Director Emil”

“And I thought they liked me... I'm going to need some new armor for this. An Avatar thought it would be good fun to make me its squeeze toy”

“There's one available for you at the armory, just like always, Hand”

Claire left the Command Center without another word. It was no secret that she and Werner hated each other. Many felt that Hand could do the job of Field Commander, but she was passed over for Werner, leaving her to clean up the messes from her tactical blunders. She pushed the irritated thoughts from her mind and entered the armory. Like many facilities of the Initiative, it was unmanned, operated by Director Emil's pet AI, the Advanced Defensive Algorithm, or ADA for short.

“What can I do for you today, Ms. Hand?” the toneless machine voice asked.

“I need a replacement for the Mk. III Zone Commando Power Armor”

“Acknowledged. Nanolathing in 7 seconds....”. A wavy blue light passed over Claire's broken power armor, breaking the materials down for metal, wiring components, intact parts, and Omorium power sources, and left her tight, firm and well-toned body naked for several seconds before the same light as before swept over her in the opposite direction. Just as with the designator, it rendered a wire frame of the armor around her body, filled it in with a blank green texture, and rendered the details third, making Claire shiver slightly when she felt the visor close around her face and her breathing go from open air to a filtration system.

While ADA was re-rendering her armor, Claire had already thought of how to bring the designator to bear on the Nod base. The Karma Temple lie at the center of the junkyard, and while the Sisterhood of Nod was protecting it tooth and nail, a single commando might have a chance of slipping past where an army would be stopped. From the top of the Temple, one could see the entirety of the Junkyard. Claire herself had sniped a few would-be Nod assassins from the top of it. This time, though, she was aiming for a base, and not a person moving at a dead-sprint, so it was a little easier.

Using her newly rebuilt jump pack, it was easy to slip past the Nod mooks racing through the streets of the Junkyard with their Akuwa rifles.

“Idiots never look up,” Claire muttered, jetting from a burnt-out apartment building to an office building that faced the courtyard of the Karma Temple. It was there that Claire ran into her first major hurdle for this assignment.

It was no secret that Faust loved all the members of Nod under his command, but none more than his second in command, Yuno Gasai. He loved her so deeply that the idea to clone her down to the molecular level with his magic came to him in a dream. These clones are what Claire had faced now. They called themselves Shadow Teams and prided themselves on taking the missions that were too complicated, risky, or just plain suicidal to let regular Nod mooks handle. They worked in teams of four, wore skin-tight “dragon scale” armor that was extremely lightweight but enchanted specifically to protect against GDI techmaturgicka, and were equipped with powered gliders that would allow them to keep up with Zone Trooper jump packs easily. Once she made herself known, there was no backing out.

She could only see one of the four guarding the entrance, so the others had to be inside. Making the same gesture as before with her eyes, Claire targeted the first shadow team member and rocketed toward her. She turned around just in time for Claire to slam her shoulder into her, smashing her into the wall. Quickly stepping back and finishing her off with a triple blast to the center of mass, Claire walked right past her as she fell to her knees, and allowed her vastly overfilled bladder to relax, a puddle forming under her knees and butt.

Obviously, the elevators didn't work in this building after the fall of civilization, but Claire's jump pack let her fill in the gaps in the stairs, undoubtedly bypassing a large number of Nod mooks in the intervening floors. As she pushed open the door to the final floor, two of the remaining three Shadow Team members turned their attention toward her. Drawing twin pistols, angry red lasers splashed against Claire's armor, and prompted a small tingle between her legs.

She withdrew behind the door, and took a few breaths to calm her agitated libido. Just as with his love of Gasai, it was no secret that Faust found the image of women so sexually aroused and frustrated that all they could do is tear their clothes off and masturbate the pain away very enticing, and that is exactly what the laser weapons of his army was designed to do. Since they were fired through a lens enchanted with magic belonging to Saril, Goddess of Lust, they brought their targets closer to her spiritually. The closer one gets to absolute lust, the more of it they feel themselves, or so the lore books of Faust would have people believe.

As her libido was calmed, a brilliant idea dawned on her. Claire gripped to the door, and, thanks to her armor's servo motors actually working this time, ripped it cleanly off the wall. Making a gesture with her eyes to the opposite end of the hall, she rocketed forward with the last of her jump pack's Omorium fuel. The wood of the door burst into flames in places as laser pistol rounds slammed into it before Claire felt a pair of dull thumps, knocking the Shadow Team members aside like rag dolls.

Arriving at the opposite end of the hall, Claire flung open the door and raced up the last flight of stairs to the roof. Hearing the two shadow team members in hot pursuit, she turned, and fired her rail gun into the stairs. One of the two couldn't stop in time and fell back down to the floor below, accidentally biting her tongue on impact. Lifting her head, she saw Claire disappear onto the roof with the target designator. Shame worse than any accident coursed through her before unconsciousness claimed her; she had failed her Faust.

From the top of the roof, Claire was presented with a familiar view: The Junkyard in all of its ruined glory. From here, she could see all of the myriad battles occurring on every street and in every building. Avatars and Scorpion tanks destroyed Mammoth Assault Tanks, sending their drivers and gunners flying, and from everywhere the “rat-a-tat” of Omorium rounds and Aqua Drop spells rang out. In the distance, Claire could faintly make out the outline of a Nod base through the fog of an Apathy Field Generator, and laid prone, lest that final Shadow Team member be flying around on her glider right now, and aimed the target designator.

A pale blue beam shined from the designator to the base, waking ADA up from her sleep mode.

“Acquiring target data...” she murmured tonelessly, her virtual eyes seeing the entire planet from a satellite's view. “Positioning: Eastern Seaboard...”. Her view shifted, zooming in on the eastern side of the continent, and then to the Junkyard itself. ADA spotted Claire's laser, it appearing to her as bright as a spotlight, and targeted the far end of it.

“Target locked: Sisterhood of Nod. Status: Aqua Tsunami Orbital Bombardment Cannon, ready to fire.”

*011*2013-08-16 17:14

(Author's Note: Hey all. I'm VERY pleased that Omorium Wars has passed 700 views. I guess that means I'm doing a decent enough job as your Author ^_^. However, I do need to address something. It is called “feed back” as in I feed on your opinions and comments. Me and my boyfriend (who is Faust, Author of Another Note of this board and the Leader of Nod for this story) can only really do so much on our own. Have a suggestion? Make a post. Think something was funny, arousing, or interesting? Start a discussion on it. Think I suck? Tell me so I stop this madness. I have Chapter 4 in the works, but school work comes first. So, until then, here's another tech blurb from my insane brain)

### EVA Database Spotlight ---

Class: Spontaneous Magical Phenomenon

Designation: Omorium

This curious blue crystal was discovered at the height of the Dominance Wars between the Euro-African Syndicate and the United Kingdom of Korea in 2077 in the forests of Aokigahara, Japan, an area known by locals as the “Suicide Woods” or “The Forest of the Dead”. This area is famous in Japan for the amount of ghost stories, unexplained occurrences, and the number of bodies exhumed from the area each year. Upon closer inspection by the United Kingdom of Korea, it was found that this forest was rife with mystical energies due to the presence of massive veins of lodestone, a naturally magnetic ore. In ages past, lodestone was used to draw mana from locations strong with magic so that sorcerers and thaumaturgists could make use of it, and this was occurring underground at a massive scale; making conditions perfect for a spontaneous bloom of Omorium.

Omorium, named for the term “Omorashi” which is Japanese for “leaking”, has a curious effect on organic biology. The crystalline formations emits a constant magical radiation that hyper-stimulates the urinary system and floods the bladder with an overabundance of fluid. Most women who are exposed to Omorium radiation only have moments before their bladder has reached critical capacity and begins to leak, hence the name. However, males that cannot use magic are sent into a frenzy of alternating lust and bladder desperation, eventually reaching a point where they suffer massive cataclysmic heart failure because of the stress these states puts on their bodies. Due to the fact that social conditions within the three world powers of the time, the United Kingdom of Korea, the Euro-African Syndicate, and the North Atlantic Commonwealth, regarded men as second-class citizens and did not readily permit their study of magic, over 90% of all males are deceased as of the time of the Omorium Wars.

It is interesting to note that Omorium radiation has an entirely different effect on ferrous-based magnetically susceptible molecules, possibly due to its birth in a lodestone heavy environment. When in close proximity, the molecular bonds of ferrous-based materials are greatly agitated, vibrating slightly and making a soft “hum” as it were. Combining significant kinetic or thermal impact along with Omorium crystals causes metal to shatter, much like putting cold water in a hot pot.

Despite the novelties of Omorium, it is known to be dangerous in certain situations. For males, caution is always advised when dealing with this crystal, and for others, it is possible for Omorium to dehydrate them to the point of unfortunate death. With this in mind, the Global Defense Initiative, founded to halt the spread of Omorium, divided each region of the world into one of three zones. Blue Zones are contaminated only by Blue Omorium, and are somewhat liveable.

Blue Omorium has the highest energy yield and lowest radiation levels, making them sought-after locations. Yellow zones are contaminated by green Omorium, which has absorbed a high degree of urinary acids, the yellow turning the normally blue crystals green. Green Omorium has a significantly higher level of radiation, and a lower energy yield when collected. Red Zones are overrun with Green Omorium and cannot support human life. Any exposed flesh will be bombarded with dangerous levels of radiation, and death by dehydration is a significant risk.

The health and material risks of Omorium aside, there are many varied uses for the crystals of either color. It was eventually discovered that when subjected to a frequency of sound, referred to hence after as a “yellow note”, Omorium expelled a great deal of energy. Luckily, the lab that discovered this was able to forward enough notes and information that GDI scientists were able to replicate the experiment and actually survive the experience this time. To Nod, Omorium represents practically limitless magical power, as the material is literally nothing more than crystallized mana. Curiosuly, when completely expended of all its energy, Omorium breaks down into top-soil, suggesting that its act of formation leeches minerals and mass from the ground itself.

A final note regarding Omorium is its ability to self-replicate by absorbing the sexual energies of sentient beings around it. The exact process that this is done is not readily understood, however, but the pattern is exact and precise; spreading in an expanding radius from the initial vein bloom point in a 360 degree radius. This also means that, for as much Omorium as there is on the surface, there is much much more underground, which juts upward whenever crystals are harvested from the ground.

Over much larger distances, Omorium demonstrates a similar quality to water in that it can easily assume all three states of matter: solid, liquid, and gaseous. When presented with clean water, Omorium dissolves almost instantly; emitting no radiation but becoming a powerful diuretic. As water evaporates, it carries the Omorium with it, and returns to the earth in a similar effect to fallout, giving the rain a suspicious blue glow. If this rain makes contact with an Omorium vein, it will almost certainly trigger a crystalline bloom.

*014*2013-08-16 21:36

{{:

I detect large hints and overtones of the Command & Conquer Tiberian series in this story ;-) .....however i do like it, please continue, its very very detailed!

}}

Yeah ^_^ I kinda failed to mention it in this thread, but this whole fanfic is a mish-mash of various concepts, themes,and other established ideas, and I'm trying to throw them all together with some of my own original concepts to try and make it interesting. As you pointed out, I'm drawing on the Tiberium series HEAVILY with this (and I TOTALLY don't have a C&C3: TW game running in another window right now <_<.... >_>), along with a character from Mirai Nikki, Yuno Gasai whom my boyfriend, Faust, is very fond of. and I threw in some digital devil saga with the Junkyard and the Karma Temple.

Also, as a point of interest, I made a custom map for C&C3 that is the Junkyard from the stories. Once I have it done to perfection, I might see if there's a way to put it up on this board so other people can have their own Omorium Wars.

*015*2013-08-25 19:11

(Author's Note: Sorry the next chapter is taking so long, all. I've got some things irl that are bogging me down and making it really hard to get creative. I'll post the next chapter soon....ish.....)

