Revenge Plots (A Sonny With A Chance Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-11-05 15:58

A/N: I'm assuming, since you paid ten, you wanted a long oneshot, so that's what I went for here. I tried to divide it as half-and-half as I could between the two scenarios listed.

Neither Sonny nor Tawni were really sure what Penelope was hoping to gain from her little scheme. It was obvious she wanted to steal Chad from Sonny, but why she had tied both of them up was still unknown to them. Of course, it was still a major annoyance, and they regretted letting her get the jump on them.

Now they were tied up in Penelope's room, while she grinned at them menacingly and began to set up a camera. “When Chad sees what the two of you do, he'll never want to see Sonny again!” she declared.

“What do you mean by that?” asked Sonny.

“And why am I even here?” asked Tawni. “I'm not even involved with Chad!”

“But you're involved with her!” declared Penelope, pointing an accusing finger at Sonny. “And I can't have you interfering. Better to subject you to the same punishment as her, and kill two birds with one stone!”

“But what are you even doing to us?” Sonny asked.

“Oh, you'll see.”

~X~

Her plan had been to force them to drink a lot of water and then film them while they wet themselves. So far, that plan was going absolutely perfectly. Both Sonny and Tawni sat in front of the camera, squirming and desperate as their bladder filled from all they had had to drink.

Penelope had left them alone for a bit, but no matter how they struggled, they could not break free of their bonds. Sonny rocked back in forth of the floor, unable to find a comfortable position. She was at least lucky enough that she was sitting up and could cross her legs, but that she all she and Tawni could do. Otherwise, they had to try and hold it with just their willpower, and that was already getting her.

“I do not want to pee my pants on camera!” said Tawni.

“Well, neither do I,” said Sonny, “but I'm not really sure how we're going to get out of this one!”

She knew there was no point in arguing with or attempting to console Tawni, especially when she had to focus on her own problems. She squeezed her thighs together as tightly as she could and bounced up and down where she sat, but nothing seemed to relieve the pressure. Her limit had almost been reached, and there was no telling when her friend would lose control.

Tawni had been fidgeting for a lot longer than she had and bit down hard on her lip whenever she wasn't speaking. She was shaky and looked to be in pretty bad shape, probably even closer to her limit than Sonny. With the camera rolling, neither of them wanted to lose control, but they had no choice if they couldn't find a way out of their bonds.

“I swear, that girl is crazy,” said Tawni after a moment of silence. “What does she really think she's gonna accomplish with this? I mean, yeah, it'll be a humiliating video, but anyone can tell from looking at it that we're tied up. It's just gonna make her look as crazy as she is if she shows it to anyone.”

“And I really don't think her plan would work with Chad, either,” Sonny agreed. “If he watched the video, he would just think she was crazy too. Even he wouldn't make fun of us for this, considering what she's doing to us.”

“But if we try to tell her that, she won't listen. She'll just think we're making it up to get out of this,” said the other girl. “Jeez, she really is crazy.”

The two girls laughed at that, and then both cringed at the adverse effect this had on their full bladders. They fell into silence again, both fidgeting and rocking back and forth as they tried to regain composure from their fit of laughter. Sonny groaned and wished, for the hundredth time, that she had not let her guard down around Penelope, had not ended up in this situation.

Her bladder ached, and no matter what she did, she could not alleviate the pressure. It would not be long until it was past the point that she could manage, and there was nothing she could do about that. She grit her teeth, fighting back tears from how painful it was to try to hold it in at this point.

She heard a whimper from Tawni, who was also close to tears and likely in just as much pain, if not more. Sonny felt bad knowing that this situation had happened because of how close she had gotten to Chad recently, but, at the same time, she knew that it really wasn't her fault. There was clearly something wrong with Penelope to make her overreact in such an extreme way.

“I'm really not gonna last much longer,” said Tawni, her voice breaking. “It really hurts, and I keep feeling a little bit come out.” She groaned, struggling in vain against her bonds. “What am I gonna do?”

“I don't know,” Sonny said. “I really don't know. I'm hurting too and...” She trailed off, not knowing what else to say. How could she hope to comfort her friend when she knew just how hopeless it was for the both of them? She was no better off, and she had no way out of the situation.

Tawni continued to struggle beside her, seeming to lose her ability to speak as she was reduced only to whines and whimpers. She could not sit still for even a second, rocking back and forth and squirming while she moaned in pain. Tears began to run down her cheeks as her control slipped, and all Sonny could do was watch as she suffered.

“No, no, no!” she heard her friend cry, and they both watched in horror as a large dark patch begun to spread across Tawni's pants. She groaned as the liquid leaked through her clothing and began to puddle on the floor, all while she could do nothing to stop this from happening.

The sight and sound of Tawni wetting herself was almost too much for Sonny, and it was all she could do to slow the first leak that came from her. She managed to stop it before much damage was done, but she was sure there was a visible wet spot on her clothes after that. That was nothing compared to what had happened to her friend, who was in tears from fully wetting herself.

“I promise we'll get back at her for this,” said Sonny, saying the only thing she could think of to comfort the other girl.

“We'd better!” replied Tawni. “I want her to pay!”

Sonny nodded, her own situation reaching its critical point and leaving her unable to say anything else on the subject. She grit her teeth, shaking as she tried to maintain control, even knowing that she would not make it much longer. She had only a few moments left, leaving her no chance to try to escape. Not that escape was possible, as they had already learned.

“Please,” she whispered in a strained voice, not sure exactly what she was begging for or who she was begging. She wanted to make it, and she wanted to be some place else, and she wanted to be somebody else, and she just wanted to be anything but this close to wetting herself.

In the end, though, wishing and begging could do nothing for her. She was at her breaking point, and she groaned as she felt a strong stream escape, steady and warm as it flooded her pants. Before long, she had formed her own puddle on the floor, that extended far enough to reach Tawni's.

Her bladder's cramps slowed and stopped as her stream did the same, and she could not ignore that it felt good to be empty, but her humiliation far outweighed that. And just as she thought the situation could not get any worse, Penelope bounded into the room, an expression of glee on her face.

“I see everything happened just the way I wanted it!” she said happily. “A shame I missed the good part, but it's okay.” She tapped the camera. “I've got it all on film to enjoy over and over again! And I'm sure Chad will enjoy it too.”

“You're really crazy if you think this will work,” said Sonny, but Penelope ignored her. She gathered up her camera and loosened the ties on the girls ever-so-slightly. They would be able to wriggle free, but not before she got away with the evidence. She ran out of the room, leaving them alone again to struggle their way out of the rope.

When they were both standing and free, Sonny looked at her friend and said, “Ready to start planning revenge?”

“Of course,” replied Tawni. “But first, can we please shower?”

~X~

The two girls stayed up late planning their revenge. By the next morning, they had the perfect plan concocted, and were pleased to see that Penelope hadn't done anything with the video just yet. No one treated them differently or looked at them weird, and Chad seemed just as oblivious as everyone else. That meant they were good to go.

Just as she had done to them, they took Penelope by surprise. It was much easier for the to subdue her and tie her up, what with the fight being two on one and all. As she kicked and screamed and fought, they tied her up in her room and dug out her camera with the incriminating video on it.

When Sonny deleted it, Penelope laughed and said, “I already uploaded it to my computer! You can't get rid of it that easy.”

“Oh, I think we're going to have a little more leverage than that,” Tawni replied. Sonny handed her the camera and she set it up on a tripod, just as it had been the day before.

“What are you doing?” asked Penelope, even though it was abundantly clear just what they had in store for her. Without another word, they closed in on her, water bottles in hand as she protested and tried to fight them off.

~X~

It was not long before they had forced Penelope to drink much more than she would be able to handle for a prolonged amount of time. Now all that was left was to sit back, watch her suffer, and let the camera record every second of her humiliation. After they had their own file of hers, they could be certain that she would do nothing with the one she had, and then they would be free from her and her crazy scheme.

After a few minutes, they noticed the first fidget, which she quickly tried to cover as just adjusting her position. However, being as tied up as she was didn't really leave much room for adjusting and it was easy to tell what was really going on with her.

“Feeling a little full?” asked Tawni in a taunting voice.

“What? No!” Penelope snapped. “I'm not pathetic like you guys. You'll get bored waiting for something that isn't going to happen!”

“Oh, I don't think we'll get bored at all, honestly.”

“We'll see about that,” she replied, glaring at them even as she began to squirm even more.

~X~

To say that Penelope was not happy would be quite the understatement. She was downright enraged but, as much as she hated to admit it, they had outsmarted her and she was stuck like this. She could already feel her bladder filling rapidly from all of the water they had forced her to drink, and knew that it would continue to fill until it couldn't hold anymore, just like what had happened with them the day before.

It wasn't fair! She had planned everything out perfectly, they weren't supposed to retaliate. They were supposed to be too afraid of her and her video to do anything to get back at her, but instead they had taken action and now everything would be ruined. On top of that, they were going to possess a very humiliating video of her.

Her bladder throbbed and she glared at her two captors, who seemed completely unfazed by her venomous stare. They stared back, devoid of expression, as if they weren't struggling to not laugh at her, and she knew they were struggling to not laugh at her. After all, they had her in a very compromising position. Why wouldn't they laugh? She certainly would, and she had, when she had had the upper hand.

But now the upper hand was lost and she really, really needed to pee, and it was only getting worse, and it was getting worse incredibly quickly. She could do nothing to make it easier on her, and she could do nothing to fight what was coming. For all her cunning, she was stuck here, without any hope of freedom or escape. Penelope fought back tears, refusing to show any weakness that she could avoid.

She could feel her bladder swelling and threatening to spill over at any moment, and she grit her teeth. It was all hopeless; there was no saving herself. She knew this, yet she still fought, no matter how it hurt her to continue holding. And her captors silently watched her, waiting for her to give in.

The least she could do, she decided, was not beg. Even if she lost control, things would at least be a little bit better if she did not give in to begging. They would win again if that happened, and she could not stomach giving them any more victories. This one would be hers, even if the rest would not. She would retain one tiny shred of dignity even as she lost the rest.

And so she entered the last legs of her pathetic, futile battle. She squirmed openly now, unable to resist doing so even as she watched the two girls snicker at her display. It was so close to the end and her bladder's resistance was so low that it was all she could do to hold on. She had consumed so much water that it was only a matter of time before it all came rushing out, her humiliation recorded.

Yet she still fought on, resilient as she was. Bouncing her knees and wiggling around where she sat, crossing her legs as much as she could, then uncrossing them, and crossing them again. She couldn't even pretend to sit still, and bouncing and squirming had become necessary.

Even so, they hardly did anything to assist. Her bladder hurt so much that those movements only slightly alleviated the pressure, but otherwise did nothing. Her eyes watered again, but still she tried to hold back her tears- though this seemed even more futile than trying to hold back her pee.

“If you guys let me go,” she said, before she could stop herself, “I'll delete the video. You can even watch me do it.” Already, she was going back on her promise not to beg! It was pathetic, but the pain had increased so rapidly that suddenly, holding on to her dignity didn't seem worth it. She just wanted this whole nightmare to be over with.

“That would be okay, except we want to see you suffer just like we did,” said Tawni. “The video will be useless once we have something on you, so why not kill two birds with one stone and get to see you wet yourself?”

“You're not going to get away with this!”

“Who are you going to tell?” asked Sonny. “I mean, you have your video, we have ours. You did it first, remember?”

Penelope fell silent, knowing that their argument made sense. Still, it wasn't fair that she was willing to surrender and they weren't letting her. She would admire their ruthlessness if it wasn't directly causing her problems. A small whimper escaped, and she felt a leak escape with it. It wouldn't be much longer now.

She considered, for just a moment, apologizing for what she had done. Perhaps something as simple as that would get her out of this, but that would require actually being sorry and she wasn't. She was only sorry that they had gotten the drop on her and gotten revenge, but she wasn't sorry for what she had done. In her mind, they had deserved it, but what she faced was unfair.

It would be impossible to get them to see things her way, though, and she felt another leak escape into her panties, dampening them as she moaned. She clenched her muscles as tightly as she could to try to hold off the impending flood, but there was nothing more she could do for herself. Her body was tired of holding back and her bladder needed to empty itself, so fighting was useless.

The stream started slowly, but quickly picked up speed, flowing into her panties and flooding them. It took no time at all for the stain to spread onto her clothes and begin to form a puddle on the floor, and then her captors noticed and began to snicker and she wet herself in front of them.

She moaned again, the relief nearly overwhelming the distress she felt at her defeat. It was nice to finally be done with all of this, even though the outcome was the exact opposite of what she had wanted. There had been nothing she could have done to stop it, after all, and it was at least better for it to finally be over.

She would lose the edge she had with the old video, but as long as she didn't show it, she would not have to worry about hers getting out. It was terrible that they knew about it, but they were only two people and that was still better than everyone knowing. She would find her way to get revenge on Sonny someday and steal Chad for herself, she would just have to plan better.

Until then, she had to face her current humiliation and watch as Sonny and Tawni laughed at her, shutting off her camera and pulling out a laptop that had to belong to one of them. “Just saving the video forever,” said Sonny as she plugged the camera in. “Then you can have your camera back.”

Penelope remained silent as she watched them download the video and put her camera back down. They loosened her rope ever-so-slightly, just as she had done with them, and then they left her to fend for herself.

