Broken Pipes (An Unfabulous Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-05-14 19:21

A/N: I used to love this show growing up, so I hope I can recapture the series pretty well. I always forget about all those Nickelodeon shows even though that was basically the only channel I ever watched back in the day. This story takes place around the time of “The Auction”.

There were a lot of problems that resulted from the pipe Addie had really, truly not meant to burst. There was the more obvious one of the dance they had to save, but there was also a less obvious, but much more problematic situation.

The bathrooms were out of service until the plumbing issues could be sorted out.

Of course, the school could not have no working bathrooms when it had so many students. Precautions had to be taken, and so they had temporary portable toilets set up just outside the building for anyone to use. It was a crude solution, but it was a solution nonetheless.

The girls, however, were a bit put out by this, and many refused to use them, preferring to hold it until they got home. Addie and Geena were among that group, and typically had no trouble waiting. They rarely found themselves pushing their limits and always made it home without incident.

But one day, things turned out a little differently for them. They weren't sure exactly where they had gone wrong, but at some point during their day, they had had more to drink than usual, and found that they really had to pee halfway through the school day, to the point that it was questionable if they would make it or not.

Still, there was not much they could do besides try to hold on. It was a long wait, sure, but they still were not willing to use the outdoor toilets. Waiting still seemed more worth it. It was just a few hours of waiting, after all, and then they could avoid the disgusting portable toilets without incident.

But Addie had her doubts about that. She had had a few close calls in her life, but she could not remember getting this desperate before. Simply sitting put too much pressure on her bladder and caused it to ache quite a bit, and she wondered if Geene felt anywhere near as bad as she did. Would it be more worth it for her to take her chances on the portable toilets?

“I think I'm gonna go outside,” Geena said suddenly, and Addie felt a little better knowing her friend had been considering the same thing.

“Me too,” she said, squirming as she did. But they paused, shuddering collectively as they thought of how disgusting it would be. However, a few bladder pangs later, and they were back to deciding to bite the bullet and go.

~X~

“I don't think I can do it,” Addie said, crossing her legs as she stood in front of the portable toilet. “I really don't know if I can.”

“Well, you're gonna wet yourself if you don't,” said Geena, who was bouncing up and down.

“So are you. Why don't you go first?” Her friend hesitated, and the two girls knew that it would take quite the effort to get either of them in there. But they were so close to wetting themselves that it didn't seem like there was much of an option.

“I think you have to go worse. You should go first.”

“No, really, I insist.”

“If neither of you are going, you should probably let someone else,” snapped a too-familiar voice. Maris stood, with Cranberry at her side, both looking quite a bit desperate themselves.

Though Addie still was not completely sold on going first herself, she was not going to let her archenemy in front of her. “Uh, how about you wait your turn like everybody else?”

“Yeah, we were here first,” Geena said, catching on. She could barely hold still as she spoke, though.

“Then go on in!” Cranberry said, exasperated. “We're not gonna wait our turn if you're waiting for nothing.”

Addie and Geena paused, looking at each other, urging the other to take the plunge and go first. When neither of them moved after a while, Addie said, “On second thought, we can wait. You guys can go first.”

“Finally, you're seeing reason,” said Maris smugly and started for the door, before pausing herself. Addie could tell by the expression on her face that she was just as reluctant as her and Geena. “Cranberry,” she said in a week voice, “I think you should actually go first.”

“No way, Maris, you've been waiting longer!” Cranberry said, and it was clear that this was not out of selflessness. It appeared that all four of the girls had the same reservations, despite the fact that all four girls were squirming with their legs crossed, clearly beyond the point of debate.

It was while those two were bickering about it that Geena's bladder gave in, deciding not to wait for her to get over her ridiculous fear a moment longer. She let out a small gasp that only Addie heard as a dark spot formed on her pants, spreading as she lost all control. When it leaked through her pants and began to splash on the ground, Maris and Cranberry took notice and started to laugh, both cringing as the laughter took a bit of a toll on their own bladders.

“Looks like somebody couldn't hold it,” Maris teased.

“What? Like you aren't about to wet yourself too?” asked Addie, quick to come to her friend's defense. Of course, she was about to wet herself as well, but she was not willing to admit that out loud.

“Th-that's...” Maris trailed off, unable to come up with a decent response as the pressure on her bladder took up so much of her concentration. She really was so close to losing control, but she could not bring herself to use the disgusting outdoor toilet. She bit her lip, squirming shamelessly.

She was at her breaking point, and she reached out to the door with a shaking hand, deciding once and for all to give in and go. However, her body had already decided to give in at that point, and also would not wait for her to get over her fear. She began to wet herself quickly, the stream running down her legs with no way for her to conceal what was happening.

Under normal circumstances, Addie would have been smug and dropped an I-told-you-so, but she actually felt a bit of sympathy for the girl, as well as a lot of fear for herself. After seeing both Geena and Maris wet, she knew that there was no way she could keep putting this off and end up in their situation.

She did not hesitate a moment longer, opening the door and hobbling in, a hand between her legs. She was just barely going to make it, and she felt a few spurts escape as she closed the door behind her.

Just as the door shut, she heard Cranberry squeal and the sound of liquid splashing on the ground. Yet another girl had wet herself, and though Addie really did not want to be added to that list, she had paused for too long to listen, and that, combined with the sound, pushed her over the edge.

Before she could even think about unfastening her pants, they began flooding with the contents of her bladder. It throbbed as it emptied, the relief washing over her as she sighed contentedly. She was humiliated that she had wet herself like the others, but she felt so good not having the hold it anymore.

When she had at last finished peeing, she swung the door back open and said, “So...we won't tell if you guys don't.”

