A sort of orientation (A Genshin Impact Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-27 16:26

A/N: I wrote this for Peecember because I love Lumine

Lumine is doing her best to make a strong impression on the members of the Resistance, but with each passing moment, she wishes that this were over already. She has to keep smiling and acting tough, keep doing whatever she can to make sure that they know they have nothing to worry about when it comes to having her join their ranks, all while her bladder continues to protest more with each step that she takes.

She was already starting to feel the need when she first came to Teppei’s rescue, and since then, it has only gotten worse. Teppei himself seems completely oblivious to her discomfort as he shows her around, and even has her aid in training demonstrations for some of the other soldiers. Paimon has since gotten distracted by something or other, which would have been Lumine’s only chance at making her excuses and slipping away. If her companion had been able to tell she was struggling, she would have been able to come up with some reason to get some privacy in no time at all, but she is not here to help, and Lumine is completely on her own.

Task after task, she just follows after Teppei, and prays that her bladder can hold out a little while longer. Truth be told, if there is one thing that she has learned about herself on her journey, it is that she needs frequent stops to make sure that she does not find herself losing control at the worst moments. Lumine is not sure why she has such a weak bladder, but in situations like this, it is seriously put to the test. She is so full that it hurts, absolutely bursting, and every step jostles her further.

“Having you around is already boosting morale so much, and we’ve only just met,” Teppei praises her, a bright smile on his face.

If only he weren’t so damn cute. Things might be easier for her if she were not immediately smitten with him, from the moment he first thanked her for saving him. But he is and she was, and now, she feels a little embarrassed about being honest about what the problem is. She wants to tell him that she needs a bathroom break, but she can’t be direct, and can’t come up with a proper excuse, especially not when he keeps talking to her, going on and on about everything she needs to know, as well as personal stories that she would find endearing if she were not about to burst.

When she finds herself helping him repair a damaged barricade, she knows she is at her limit. It hurts so much she can’t think straight, and she keeps looking around, trying to find anywhere that she might be able to slip off to, ready to take any chance that she has to get away from him without him noticing her. She has to pee so badly, and she keeps her thighs pressed tightly together, just to try and ensure that she does not end up leaking at all, afraid that she might be at risk of that.

“Is everything alright?” Teppei asks, snapping her out of her thoughts. Lumine has no idea what to say to him, but before she can try and come up with a response, he says, “Sorry, I know this is all a lot. I didn’t mean to overwhelm you or anything. If you want, I can show you to somewhere you can rest.”

That will almost definitely allow her some privacy to relieve herself. Nodding, Lumine says, “That would be great.” She tries not to let panic show on her face as she feels herself leak a little bit with the first step she takes. Her panties are getting damp now, and she keeps feeling little leaks slipping past her defenses as she walks. Teppei remains oblivious, as he leads her right through the heart of the camp, but Lumine just can’t keep holding it, no matter how hard she tries.

She doesn’t mean to put a hand between her legs, but the reaction is purely reflexive, trying to fight further loss of control. Teppei turns around to check on her at the worst moment, catching her hold herself, gripping herself over her bloomers, with nearby soldiers gawking at the sight. She can feel her face turning red, but she can’t stop, feeling another surge of liquid the instant she tries to pull her hand back.

“Lumine, do you…do you need to pee?” Teppei asks, and she notices that his cheeks are rather red as well. There is no point lying now, when she can hardly move.

Nodding, she mumbles, “Really bad…”

“W-well…oh, I’m sorry, it’s because we were…well! Come on, I can…just follow me!” he says, giving her a smile as he tries to reassure her. Still, he is visibly flustered.

It doesn’t amount to anything. Her little display has gotten her plenty of attention, and with so many of the people she has worked to impress staring at her, with Teppei watching her with concern, trying to help her along, Lumine loses it. At first, it is not visible that she is wetting herself, but she knows she is defeated as it all starts rushing out of her, soaking straight through her panties and straight through her bloomers.

By the time she has dropped her hand, it has started running down her legs, all eyes on her as she pisses herself on her first day. The relief is astounding, but it is nothing compared to how humiliated she is, knowing that this is not something she can easily bounce back from. There is so much of it that it never seems to end, her stream powerful all the way to the end, as she just keeps pissing, until her bladder is finally empty. Then, she remains right where she is, not sure what to do.

Teppei is stunned as he stares at her, and she can hear murmuring about what has just happened, though she is not able to make out any of what is being said. She has definitely gotten off to an interesting start, her humiliation so great that she can’t even bring herself to move.

And yet, somewhere beneath it all, despite knowing that this is not the time, she feels a familiar twinge of arousal, one that is only increased when she looks up, catching Teppei’s eye. When she sees the way that he blushes and quickly looks away, stammering his apology, she knows exactly what this means, and exactly what she needs to do about it.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*001*2022-03-28 17:30

I posted this in the wrong thread so please ignore me


