Wurmple (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-03 15:28

A/N: Wrote this for humiliation day in Femslash Fuckery February.

Busy days like this are not at all uncommon for Cyllene. In her position, she has a lot that she has to do, even if most of it is just done from her desk. More often than not, she feels like she essentially lives in her office, taking few breaks, if any, and that suits her just fine. After all, she would not have made it to the level she has if she didn’t have amazing endurance, and strict dedication to her work.

That being said, even she has her limits, and when she knows that she needs a break, she can only put it off for so long before she has to go for it. When her bladder nags at her so much that she can no longer ignore it, Cyllene knows that she can’t keep holding it forever. Most days, she is able to ignore it for quite a while, but every now and then, she just can’t avoid the fact that she isn’t actually made of stone, and that she has to go eventually.

Fortunately, she has just about reached a lull in her work, so she has the room to take a break, sparing just a few minutes that she could have put into getting ahead at her next task. All seems well, up until the moment she looks away from her papers, and realizes that she and Abra are not alone in her office.

Try as she might, she has never been able to shake her fear of bugs, and Wurmple is the worst offender of them all. How one managed to get into her office without her even noticing is beyond her, but she is far past the point of rational thought the moment that she sees the Wurmple, right there on the floor, and much too close to her desk. It is no surprise, then, that she falls back, startled and recoiling as she screams.

She is so terrified and so focused on the Wurmple crawling about as if it owns the place, that she does not even notice her bladder giving out at that moment. After pushing herself so far, and being right near her limit, getting scared like this and falling to the floor is all it takes for her to lose control. Her uniform is soaked through in no time, a puddle forming around her on the floor.

Of course, her scream attracts attention; Akari has just come downstairs to have a talk with Cyllene about her next mission. Hearing the older woman scream out, a sound she has never heard from her reserved captain before, she quickly springs into action, running forward to make sure that Cyllene is not under some sort of attack. Of course, she would never expect the dangerous assailant to be a simple Wurmple.

More than that, she would never expect to find her captain trembling before said Wurmple, in a puddle of her own piss.

“Abra!” Cyllene shouts, sounding more like she is wailing. “Teleport this Wurmple outside! At once!”

Fortunately for her, Abra is quick to spring into action, and Wurmple is gone in the blink of an eye. Unfortunately, at the same time that she realizes Akari has witnessed too much of this little incident, she also realizes that her clothes are warm and wet, but getting colder with each passing second. That, and her bladder is now comfortably empty, while the floor around her is quite soaked.

There is no way for her to deny what happened, and while Akari can hardly believe what she has walked in on, she is not so stunned that she is left frozen in place. She is just as quick to spring into action, stepping into the room and pulling the doors closed behind her in a few swift motions. All the while her heart is racing, hardly able to believe that she is doing this, rather than running away to give Cyllene some real privacy.

This would have been humiliating enough without wetting herself; Cyllene is sure of that. She never wants any of her subordinates to see her showing such blatant signs of weakness, but of course, this was made a hundred times worse by her little accident. She would never admit it to herself, let alone anyone else, but from the beginning, there has been something about Akari that made it hard for Cyllene to look away, finding herself uncharacteristically eager for their next chance to speak.

“Do you need any help?” Akari asks, finally breaking the silence. She’s glad that she can at least speak, and hopes that, if she is blushing as hard as she thinks it is, that Cyllene is not able to guess why that is. The fact that she caught the older woman she has been crushing on since they met in such a compromising position, ripped straight from her most secret fantasies…it takes a hell of a lot for her to keep her excitement under wraps, and to instead just pretend to be concerned.

“I…” Cyllene clears her throat and stands up, even though this makes the stain on her wet uniform that much more apparent. She is trying to play it cool, even though she wishes that the floor would open up beneath her so that she could escape this humiliating situation. “I suppose…that would be appreciated.”

There is no way that she can maintain her pride right now, and asking for help is the only shot she has at getting out of here with only Akari knowing what happened to her. Of course, Akari is one of the last people she would have wanted to see her like this, but at the very least, she knows that the girl has a good heart, and is not likely to spread rumors about something like this.

“Alright, you just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it!” Akari replies, doing her best not to stare too much. But this is something that she knows she’ll never forget for as long as she lives, a private scene that she was very lucky to witness.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

