The Girls At The Pool

Author: Zancore

*000*2017-11-18 03:56

I’m new to this site, and I hope people like my stories. Enjoy!

###-

Alesia’s birthday was coming up, and she was going to invite some of her friends to go to the community pool for a party. She picked out a tight white bathing suit, with some fade baby blue stripes. Her friends Jules, Amelia, Emma, and Kendall were the friends she invited, because she just wanted a small party, and they were all close friends. The girls all showed up at Alesia’s house first, and changed into their bathing suits. Alesia’s main best friend was Kendall. (Will be important later) Alesia’s dad packed up the snacks, and they headed to the pool, skipping the restroom.

When they got to the pool, Alesia’s dad set up the snacks and cake. The girls went off, Ned started swimming. Kendall was wearing a bright pink bathing suit, with strawberries on the front. Amelia was wearing a coral one piece, Emma was wearing a yellow one piece with white spots, and Jules just wore a plain blue two piece. Alesia and Kendall went off and started gossiping, their usual doing. And all of a sudden, Alesia said, “ I need to use the bathroom.. urgently. “

At the time, the girls were sitting at the edge of the pool, the pool wasn’t necessarily packed, but some other children and adults were there. Kendall looked over at the bathroom line, and looked back at her now bouncing friend. “ I need to go, Kendall! “ she said it a bit louder than she meant to. Alesia’s face turned a bright shade of red and pink, as her first spurt of the steaming yellow liquid released, Kendall pulled Alesia into the pool, but Alesia didn’t only need to relieve her bladder, Andy she refused to do it in the pool. Kendall went over and alerted the other girls to be more distracting and louder, so nobody noticed Alesia’s yellow blotch on the back of her tight bikini bottoms.

Alesia climbed the pool ladder, and another spurt released. Her bladder was really swollen, and it was bulging and really oversized. She liked the feeling of peeing through her bikini - but definitely not in front of her friends, (except for Kendall) and most definitely not in front of strangers. Every time Alesia moved a step, she leaked. There was now only 1 girl in the bathroom, and no line. Kendall hopped out of the water, and helped Alesia over to the bathroom. The other young girl walked out of the bathroom, and looked st Alesia, who was still struggling with her over flowing bladder.

“Eek!“

She lost an even bigger leak. She managed it in the bathroom with Kendall, and she quickly pulled down her bikini bottoms, but mostly emptied her bladder on the ground. The noise proved how much liquid she was holding in. The glistening pee stained her bikini bottoms and was all down her legs. The loud streaming sound was followed by a plop. Kendall and Alesia tried their hardest to clean up her bikini, but it was still very most visible. There was no toilet paper, so she couldn’t clean her bottoms or the mess that she left on the floor.

The pool deck was a creamier white color, so you could visibly see the puddles of urine. Alesia walked out, with Kendall walking close behind her, trying to hide the pee stain on the back of Alesia’s bikini bottom.

Alesia informed her dad, and they went home. In the car, Emma was bouncing in the back with a worried look on her face. When they pulled up to the driveway, she got out and peed herself right then and there. A huge glistening yellow puddle formed below her. You could tell she tried her hardest to not pee herself, but after she let out a huge spurt, she just let go. The girls went inside, and Alesia’s dad told Alesia to shower, and Kendall showered with her.

They showered in their bikinis, with the both of them trying to get the stain out of Alesia’s bikini bottoms. There was a small hissing sound, and Alesia saw that Kendall was peeing in the shower, and Alesia stuck her hand in Kendall’s front of her bikini bottom. She moaned, and then Kendall stuck her hand in Alesia’s bikini bottom, and started fingering her, and both of the girls moaned. The both of the girls took of their bikinis and felt each other’s breasts being rubbed together, as they stood close in the shower touching each other’s pussy’s. They washed off, got out of the shower and didn’t tell anyone what happened.

Meanwhile, Emma was waiting for them to finish showering, so she could shower with her sister, Amelia, who was twitching, and stuffing her fingers in her crotch to hold back the huge piss she urged to let out. The both of the girls rushed into the bathroom, and Amelia rushed into the shower, Letting out a spurt, which turned into a stream. There was now a huge mess of the floor that she had trailed.

Jules didn’t want to get caught up in all the awkwardness, and her mom was picking her up anyways, so she went home later. “ Alesia, can I borrow some underwear? Mines dirty... “ Alesia gave Kendall her underwear, and the girls admired each other’s naked bodies as they dropped their towels and changed behind Alesia’s locked door.

Emma was cleaning the piss up off the floor from her sister, and Amelia told her to swear not to say anything. Both of the girls showered, and changed into their pajamas. Awaiting the plans for the fun sleepover tonight.

