Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics) - Page 6

Author: Zapp Renfro

*125*2019-08-23 15:16

On their five hour trip to go on vacation, the Loud family knew to go to the bathroom before they left the house, as they were on a time crunch. However, even with that in mind, there still isn’t much they can do to prevent having to go at all during a five hour stretch, and though they do well for the first half of the trip, when it’s a little over halfway done, they all begin to feel the need to go, none of them wanting to be the first one to bring it up.

Eventually, Lincoln decides to be the one to break the silence, both because of his own desperation and he can tell some of his sisters are having a really rough time. “Hey, dad?” he asks. “Is there any time for a rest stop?”

“Sorry, gang,” says Lynn Sr., more than likely knowing that everyone else is suffering, considering he is as well. “We’re on a time crunch, and I don’t want us to lose our rooms. Just try and hold it until we get there.”

Some of his sisters groan, but they don’t protest, and Lincoln does what he can to hold it while they press on. But it’s tough for everyone in the van, and with two hours left, there isn’t really much they can do to hold it for that long. Maybe if there was less time on the drive, they could have, but with how things are, it’s going to be impossible, especially for some of the younger sisters.

As for Lynn Sr. it is especially hard for him to keep up driving under these conditions. He doesn’t have the freedom of movement that the others in the car do, which means that it’s harder for him to alleviate the pressure on his bladder. While they can cross their legs back and forth and squirm, he really can’t afford to do anything that might distract him from the road or otherwise affect his driving. As time goes on, it becomes very clear to him that he won’t be able to keep driving like this without relieving himself, otherwise he will be putting his entire family in danger.

Reluctantly, he speaks up about this, “I-I can’t believe I’m saying this, but is there anything i can pee in back there? It’s urgent!”

Gasping in horror, Lori says, “Dad, you can’t!”

“I know it’s gross, but I’m seriously about to wet myself. Please tell me there’s something I can go in!”

His kids look around, but none of them are able to find anything. “Sorry, dad, but there’s really nothing to go in.”

Lynn groans. “Alright, fine! Pitstop time!” Everyone is glad that he’s willing to stop so they can all go, but he doesn’t have time to try and find somewhere that they can actually stop. Instead, he pulls over near a large tree and says, “Alright, if you’ve got to go, now’s the time.”

Lola wrinkles her nose. “That’s so gross!”

That seems to be the general consensus but, knowing that this is their only chance, everyone exits the van so that they can relieve themselves. They all have to go so badly that there’s really no argument about things. Not only would they probably not make it until the nearest gas station, but with them on such a time crunch, they’re lucky that their father was even desperate enough to stop here. So they all scramble to get out of the van, an unspoken rule that they won’t look at each other when they use the tree, and they crowd around it.

Getting their clothes out of the way, they’re ready to let lose, and the family breathes a collective sigh of relief. Just as they’re starting to empty their bladders, none other than Ronnie Ann rounds the corner, catching them in the act.

Lincoln stops short, turning around in surprise as she asks, “Ew, gross, dude, what are you doing?!”

Exposed, he stammers, “I-I, uh...we, uh…” But then, he loses control for good and starts to pee a little bit on Ronnie Ann’s shoes.

“Dude, stop!” she cries, but he’s so relieved that he isn’t able to stop until it’s over. The rest of his family blushes hard, realizing that they were caught, but they weren’t able to stop either. While they get dressed again, they all start begging her not to say anything to anyone.

Though she wasn’t planning on it, she sees this as a good compromise and says, “I’ll never speak of it again if you let me come on the road trip!”

So that is how Ronnie Ann gets added to their itinerary.

*128*2019-08-27 17:43

One day in class, Adam raises hand to ask to go to the bathroom. He’s had to pee for a really long time now, and he had hoped that he would be able to make it until the end of class. However, his need is so intense now that he isn’t so sure about that, and he decides it’s better to be safe than sorry. However, when he is called on and asks to go to the bathroom, he is denied, and he groans softly, right back where he started. He hopes that he will be able to make it to the end of class still.

It doesn’t help that Jake is sitting next to him, drinking water. In fact, from time to time he will swish it around in his mouth, making so much noise that Adam whimpers, hardly able to stand it. He has to go so badly, and that only makes it worse for him. He can’t sit still at his desk, and it feels like time is dragging on as the clock slowly ticks.

Finally, just when he is about to lose hope, the bell rings, and he is quick to get out of his seat, hurrying out of the classroom and to the nearest bathroom. But then, when he gets there, he sees that it’s out of order. Knowing that he isn’t going to be able to make it, he hurries to the nearest tree, which happens to be closer than the other bathroom. Hoping that he doesn’t catch any attention, he unzips to relieve himself, but then the principal comes up behind him, catching him in the act.

“Mr. Lyon! What are you doing?”

“Um, nothing!” he lies.

“Then why is your zipper down?”

"O-oh you caught me I have to go pee urgently and I was going to go here,” he admits.

“Well, you can’t go here! Go to the bathroom inside!” he protests.

“But I won’t make it!”

“Mr. Lyon, just because this is an animal school doesn’t mean you can go on any tree you want. You’re a human, so you need to use the bathroom for humans,” he says.

“Yeah, well…” He gets an idea then. “If I wet myself on the way there, then you could get sued for that!”

“Alright, fine, don’t sue! Just go on the tree, make it quick.”

Sighing in relief, he turns around so that he can go, but then, he is interrupted again. This time, it is by Ingrid, who asks, “Adam? What are you doing?”

“I-Ingrid! I’m not doing anything!” he cries, hurriedly covering himself so he isn’t so exposed, wanting to groan in frustration. Why do things keep getting worse for him?

“Are you sure? You look like you were about to water that tree, but I thought humans preferred toilets,” she says, causing him to blush heavily. Before he can say anything else, he leaks a little, gasping as he feels his hands getting wet.

“We do, but I don’t think I can make it all the way down there,” he admits.

Feeling sorry for him, Ingrid says, “If you need to go, then just go.”

Again, he leaks, this time it leaks past his hands. “B-but I don’t want you to see!” he protests.

But it’s too late for him, and he keeps leaking, and nothing he does can stop it. He’s nearly full-on wetting himself at this point, and Ingrid can see that. Weighing his options, he knows that that is worse than her seeing him pee on the tree, so he knows what he has to do now, whether he likes it or not.

Giving in, he turns around so that he can let loose, no longer caring about preserving his dignity since that is completely out of the question. At least Ingrid will be decent about it, he thinks, but it is at that moment that Jake and a few more of their friends round the corner, getting a full view of it.

All of them get an eyeful of him, and there’s nothing he can to do stop. All he can do is wait until he done, blushing furiously as he thinks, “I’m never going to live this down.”

*130*2019-08-29 15:47

Lincoln and Clyde are very excited for the comic convention that they are going to. They’ve both got their costumes on and are out the door in a hurry, because today they are going to meet the creator of Ace Savvy and get an autograph. Though there are other things that they want to do at the convention, that is their top priority, so as soon as they get there, they ignore everything else so that they can hurry to find where the autographs are happening.

They expected it to be busy even with them getting there early, but the line is even longer than they anticipated. But they’re true fans, and they aren’t going to let something like that deter them. So they get in the back of the line, ready to wait however long it may take to get their autographs.

But one thing they didn’t account for when they hurried here was that the long wait would have some other negative consequences, and they were in such a hurry to get ready that they didn’t think to go to the bathroom before they got here. Now that they’re in line, there’s nothing that they can do about that. However, they both start to feel the need to pee not long after securing their place in line, but more people have joined the line behind them and they know that they can’t step out now. If they do, it will be much longer by the time they come back.

Both agree to just wait it out, sure that they can hold it until after they get their autographs, but reality is not so kind to them. The line moves incredibly slowly, with the front nowhere near in sight, and they soon begin to fidget and cross their legs while they wait. Time drags on, as does the pace of the line, and as they slowly move up, the urge only gets worse for them, until it is becoming difficult to think of anything else other than how badly they have to go.

After waiting for over forty five minutes, things are so bad that they can’t stand still at all, crossing their legs and squirming in place, doing everything that they can to alleviate the growing pressure without making it too obvious, though it’s probably still rather obvious that they are struggling right now. Their full bladders are giving them a lot of trouble, with no end to the line in sight.

After another hour of this, their fidgeting becomes so intense that anyone would be able to tell how desperate they are just by looking at them. “Oh man,” Lincoln whimpers, “I have to bad. What would Ace do?”

Clyde, while squirming from side to side, contemplates this. “Well, he would find a private place to go, first of all.”

They look around but see no way for them to go pee without being seen or without leaving the line. Even though it’s a good idea in theory, in practice it doesn’t actually work out for their situation at all. All they can do is keep waiting through the long line, and eventually, against all odds, they manage to hold it until they are at the front of the line.

Their desperation is so obvious that Bill Buck notices, asking them, “Are you guys okay?”

“Well, we’ve been waiting in line for two hours so we really have to answer nature’s call,” Lincoln confesses.

Laughing, Bill says, “You too? Don’t feel bad, it’s getting pretty urgent for me too.”

They all share a laugh over that, get their autographs, and leave, with Lincoln and Clyde hurrying to find the bathroom. Unfortunately, their fight is not at an end, and both bathrooms they find have out of order signs.

“Oh no, what do we do? I’m going to wet my costume soon!”

“Let’s go outside!” Clyde says, and they do, hurrying to find a large tree that’s pretty private. Just when they are about to go, they hear footsteps, turning around to see Bill.

“What are you doing here?” asks Lincoln.

“O-oh, hey guys...remember when I told you it was getting urgent? Turns out the bathrooms are out of order…”

“You’re really willing to water a tree?”

“Yes, I have another signing coming up and I can’t do that in wet pants! Now, you can stand guard or go with me, but I’ve gotta pee now!” He unzips and says, “Please, don’t tell anyone about this. I’ll let you get an early copy of my next book.”

“Yay!” the boys shout in unison, before joining him in unzipping.

“Quiet!” he shushes them. “I don’t want anyone seeing.”

And then, with a sigh of relief, the three are finally able to let loose.

*132*2019-08-30 15:08

One day while Jeremy is working at his lemonade stand, he is having a fairly ordinary day. Everything is going fine until he suddenly feels the urge the pee, and realizes that it’s been a little while since the last time he went. But since he’s at work, he doesn’t really have the chance to take a break any time soon. He has two hours left on his shift, so he thinks that it will be fine if he just waits it out.

It isn’t too bad right now, so two hours should be nothing. At least, that’s what he thinks at first. For the first hour, he is mostly able to forget about it, but as time passes and the urge begins to grow, he isn’t able to ignore it for long. The more time passes, the worse his need gets, until there is an hour left on his shift, and he finds himself clenching his thighs to try and alleviate the pressure so that he can focus on work. It helps, but not very much and not for very long.

Pouring lemonade for people is pretty difficult with his bladder as full as it is. He can barely stand still whenever he has to pour something. Things are getting so bad that he is starting to wonder if he’s going to be handle it for the rest of the shift. He squirms and crosses his legs, his desperation getting worse by the second, all while he tries to keep up a brave face for the customers so nobody can tell just how badly he needs to go.

When he gets down to only thirty minutes left on his shift, he’s fairly certain that he’s not going to be able to make it until the end, but he doesn’t know what else to do. All he can do is force himself to wait and hold it as best as he can until the end. The large, timed fountain that’s near the stand he works at turns on at that point, and when the water starts spraying, he whimpers, nearly doubling over as his bladder contracts. It’s so bad now, and he keeps looking over at the clock to see how much longer he has left on the clock.

He’s really not sure that he can make it until the end, and he doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he isn’t able to hold it. It would be humiliating to lose control at work, with so many customers around. Maybe if he just took a short break and came back really fast, then everything would be okay. The bathroom isn’t too far away, so he could be quick. There are a few people left in line, so if he can just hold it until he’s done serving them, then there shouldn’t be any problem.

With this plan in mind, he gets back to work, squirming to keep himself under control but otherwise focusing only on the job at hand. It’s so hard for him to hold it, but he manages, and when he’s serving the last person in line, he is glad that he was able to hold out for this long. Though it’s completely unbearable, he is sure that he can make it to the bathroom now, and he sends the last customer on their way, ready to make a break for it.

However, he’s pushed himself just a little too far, and feels himself start to leak before he can even leave the stand. If he doesn’t want to soak himself, he has only one option, and so he ducks behind the counter. Sighing, he grabs an empty cup and unzips, ready to let loose in the cup. “I could get fired for this,” he says to himself.

At that moment, a customer approaches the counter, saying, “I’d like to buy a lemonade.”

Panicking, Jeremy doesn’t even think as he begins to lose control, filling the cup and trying to hold back any sighs that might give away that he’s doing anything other than his job back there. He manages to fill it to the top before the customer grows impatient, angrily demanding a lemonade now, and he hastily puts a lid on the cup, handing it to them.

“Here you go,” he says, and the man scowls.

“About time,” he mutters. For a moment, Jeremy panics again, realizing what he’s done, but before he can try to take it back from the customer, the man has stormed off with the drink, not even bothering to pay for it.

He’d never had to go so bad in his life and definitely would have wet himself, but he really hopes that the man doesn’t complain about the lemonade to his boss.

A/N: Remember kids, food tampering is a serious crime, even if the customer is a douche. Harmless and fun fiction, however, is not a crime.

*134*2019-09-06 20:04

One day, when April has an interview, she tries to go to the bathroom beforehand, not wanting to be caught in any difficult situations during said interview. However, due to an attack the day before, there was damage done to the bathroom that she tries to go to, and it is currently out of order. Groaning, she tries to think of what she should do. If she looks for another one, she will likely be late to the interview, so, after hesitating for a moment, she decides that she will just try to hold it until things are done. It shouldn’t be too bad, she thinks.

As she gets started, she manages to forget her need to pee for a moment, but since she is covering a lot of the damage done the day before, that means she gets to see a lot of destruction in the city. Most importantly, there is a broken fire hydrant, something that she was not aware of beforehand. And, being near the spray of that definitely reminds her very quickly of her need, and makes it difficult to push it out of her mind as it steadily grows worse.

But she has work to do, so she has to try to ignore it no matter how difficult it may be. Filming has begun and she has to remain professional and keep any traces of her urge at bay. She isn’t able to completely block out the sound of the fire hydrant, though, and the sound makes her have to go even worse, making it hard for her to do the interview without thinking about how bad it is. If she doesn’t get this over with soon, then she won’t be able to stop herself from wetting herself on live TV, and that would ruin her if it were to happen.

Soon, she begins squirming in place, crossing her legs, and making it more obvious that she has to go. She doesn’t want to show it like this, but if she doesn’t do something, she knows that she’ll lose control, and that would be far worse. Her legs are shaking as her full bladder aches for relief, allowing her no chance to rest. If she relaxes even a little bit, she knows that it will all be over for her.

No matter what, she knows she has to make it until her time live is over, anything after that doesn’t matter to her. The water from the broken fire hydrant torments her as she goes about the broadcast, until she feels like she is absolutely at her limit. Still, she continues to fight, refusing to give in until it’s over, willing to do whatever it takes to not humiliate herself while the camera is still rolling.

Trembling with her need, she knows that it is going to start to become obvious to her viewers that she is desperate, but fortunately for her, she is finally at a point where she can wrap up the interview and switch to previously captured footage, giving her just enough time to relieve herself. With that in mind, she says what she needs to do get the interview done, and then, once she’s gotten rid of the person, she turns to the camera man, giving him the signal to cut to the prerecorded footage just for this occasion.

“Is it off?” she asks, after a moment, and the camera man nods, saying, “I think so.”

“Alright, thank goodness,” she says, knowing that she is just barely holding on at this point. She won’t be able to make it anywhere else, but she sees a water bottle that she doesn’t mind using, so desperate is she.

Telling her crew to turn around, she takes the bottle and gets her pants down, getting into position just in the nick of time. She closes her eyes and lets go with a sigh, quickly filling the bottle as she empties her bladder. For a moment, she loses herself in her relief, but then she opens her eyes, realizing that the cameraman had set the camera down before turning around. This wouldn’t be a problem except for the fact that there is a light flickering on the camera…

“Is that still recording?!” she screams, dread washing over her. The cameraman turns around to check it, getting a glimpse of her as she finishes peeing, as he struggles to get it to turn off for good this time. It’s already too late, as she wasn’t able to stop, and he couldn’t turn it off until it was done.

While she is busy freaking out over the fact that it was all broadcasted, she gets a call from her manager, shouting, “I can’t believe you did that!”

“Me neither,” she groans, knowing she will never be able to live this down.

*136*2019-09-10 14:52

Daphne is already not pleased about being the bait for the monster, but the gang has decided on the plan and she is stuck with her role. They have to trap the monster somehow, and it makes sense for someone to be the bait, but she hates having gotten the short end of the stick enough, without considering the rest of her situation.

That is to say, she is not supposed to leave this spot, but she wasn’t told about this with any time to prepare for the situation. So even though she kind of had to pee before they decided to do this, she is now not supposed to go anywhere, not even to the bathroom. When she first realizes this, she asks Fred, “Can I please have a bathroom break first?”

“There’s no time for that!” he replies, certain that the monster will be upon them at any moment, and that she needs to stay in the position for their trap to work. She is not so sure that going to the bathroom, would interfere with their plan that much, but Fred will hear none of it.

So Daphne is stuck waiting until it’s over, hoping that she will be able to hold it that long. But, as time passes, it becomes harder for her to hold it, as the need becomes more and more apparent to her. She does what she can to ignore it and wait patiently for the monster, but soon she can’t sit still, squirming and fidgeting as she waits. If her friends notice or care, they don’t say anything, letting her suffer in silence, her need growing worse and worse as her bladder becomes so full that she can barely stand it.

But still she has to wait, with no sign of the monster. In truth, she thinks this trap isn’t working very well, and that there might have been a better way, that would have allowed her a chance to go to the bathroom first, but she doesn’t voice that, knowing it’s a little too late to be bringing that up. She’s stuck with this terrible plan until the very end, and all she can do is hope that she doesn’t humiliate herself in the process.

But an hour drags on without any sign of it, and it’s getting to the point that she really doesn’t think she’s going to be able to make it. When she’s certain that she’ll lose control, she finally decides to speak up, no longer willing to go along with this plan. But the monster rounds the corner then, after making her wait for so long.

Feeling herself leak, Daphne gasps and says, “F-fred, I can’t do this, I have to pee!”

“But he’s already coming this way!” Fred protests. “You can’t just abandon the plan now!”

“You don’t understand, I need to pee!” she shouts, ready to go against the plan no matter what he says, but the monster is so close now that she has no choice but to spring the trap, otherwise it will come after her and she won’t be able to get away. Panicked, she does that, and the monster is captured, their plan working perfectly, but in the end, it was all too much for her.

She turns to run off, but it’s already too late and there’s nothing she can do to stop herself; she stumbles as she loses control, falling to the ground, her panties exposed under her skirt as she begins to wet herself, with everyone able to see the stream of pee. When she’s done, she’s sitting in a large puddle, humiliated.

And all she has to say is, “Velma gets to be the bait next time!”

*138*2019-09-13 14:36

It is her last class of the day during an ordinary day at school, when Violet first starts to feel the urge to pee. It is right as she sits down before the bell rings, when she knows that she won’t have a chance to go and make it back without being late, so she decides not to even try. After all, it’s the last class of the day, so she has nothing to worry about. She can use the bathroom right after, or even hold it until she gets home with no trouble, she tells herself, and decides to ignore it for the rest of class.

And for a little while, that’s exactly what happens. For a little while, she ignores her need to pee and can almost forget it, but halfway through class, the urge returns with a vengeance, as she suddenly feels a sharp pang in her lower abdomen, remembering that she needed to pee before class. Whimpering softly, she shifts in her seat, doing her best to push it out of her mind again, but it’s too late for any of that to still work. Try as she might, it’s gotten far too bad for her to forget now.

She looks over to the clock, crossing her legs and squirming in her seat as she waits for class to end. She knows now that she definitely won’t be able to wait until she gets home, but that doesn’t matter just as long as she can get to the school bathroom quick enough. She jiggles her legs, watching time tick by and waiting for class to end, her desperation growing worse and worse with each passing second.

Tapping a finger on her desk, Violet bites her lip. It won’t be long until class ends, so she just has to wait until then. And finally, when she is almost at her limit, the bell rings, and she quickly gets up from her desk, hurrying to the girl’s bathroom. Soon, she will have the relief she so desperately needs...except, when she gets there, she is horrified to find that that is not the case.

A few girls passing by groan and walk the other way, and it doesn’t take long for her to figure out what has them frustrated. There is a clear out of order sign on the girl’s room, with a note that everything will be fixed in time for school tomorrow. But she has to go right now! She is so panicked that she can hardly think straight, and she doesn’t know what to do.

Violet tries to calm down and think through the situation rationally, but in the end, the only conclusion she can come to is using her powers to help her out of the situation. The boy’s bathroom is still open, so if she can sneak in there, then she can take care of this. With that in mind, she sneaks into a janitor’s closet to take off her clothes, since they would remain visible even when she didn’t.

Once she’s naked, she turns invisible and exits the closet, hurrying to the boy’s bathroom, her bladder threatening to spill over with every step. When she gets in, she is distressed to see that the stalls are all full, but she knows that she doesn’t have another second to waste. She’s never used a urinal before, but she has a vague idea of what she needs to do, and she knows that it’s her only option.

There is only one urinal open, and she stands in front of it, hoping that she can get this right. With a sigh of relief, she holds upon her folds as she lets go, so overwhelmed with relief that she doesn’t notice anything around her, not even that someone else enters the bathroom, coming up behind her at the urinal. Her crush can’t see her, so he doesn’t realize what he’s doing when he lets loose himself.

Shocked, Violet loses control over her power as soon as the stream of pee hits her, and he gasps. “V-Violet?!” He isn’t able to stop himself from finishing, and she stands before him, naked and soaked by the end of it.

She blushes furiously, not sure what she’s more embarrassed by, and not sure how to explain herself. “Y-you’re a…?” he asks, letting the question hang in the air.

“I am,” she answers, her voice weak. “I’m sorry you had to find out like this.” She has no idea what else to do, so she simply vanishes again, saying, “Please, please don’t tell anyone about this.”

“I won’t,” he agrees, looking away awkwardly even though she’s invisible. “As long as you don’t tell anyone what I just did.”

With that in agreement, she slips out of the bathroom.

*140*2019-09-17 18:02

Being a water type gym leader, always surrounded by water, Misty knows to go to the bathroom frequently between challengers. It’s not hard to become desperate in a setting like this, after all, and she doesn’t want any embarrassing mishaps in the middle of a battle. But, the day before, there was a different sort of mishap, leaving the bathrooms in her gym out of order for the day. She’s been assured that they would be fixed quickly, so she has spent the day waiting, certain that she’ll be able to hold it just this once.

It’s a pretty uneventful day with few battles, so it isn’t that big of a deal. After waiting all day, naturally she does have to pee and has for a while, but with the day almost over, she knows she can wait until it’s time to leave either way, even if the bathroom doesn’t get fixed today. She plans to check again before she leaves, but for now, she does think that she’ll be able to hold it for the remaining time.

Of course, as soon as she thinks that, a challenger comes in at the last minute, just before she would stop accepting challengers for the day. She considers turning them down, but they did technically get here on time, so she decides to give them their battle, hoping that she can hold it throughout.

Hopefully it will be a short battle, she thinks, and they get into the swing of things, going back and forth. However, they seem to be pretty evenly matched, and neither of them manage to cause the other’s first Pokemon to faint for some time. All the water moves just make her situation that much more urgent, and she can’t even stand still by the time she’s had to call out her second Pokemon.

The battle continues to drag on, her desperation growing more and more visible as she squirms and fidgets, crossing her legs to stop herself from leaking whenever it feels like it’s becoming too much to handle. She feels like she could lose control at any moment, but she has to keep up the battle, no matter how obvious it is that she has to pee. Finally, the trainer manages to knock out her second Pokemon, and she feels guilty for how happy she is that the battle is nearly over.

But by now, she isn’t sure how much longer she can wait. With just one more to go, she should be able to make it until the end, but she doesn’t really know if that’s the case or not. Her bladder aches for relief, and she can’t stand still at all, her squirming becoming so obvious that there is no way to deny what is going on with her. She feels a leak and whimpers, thinking, Not now!

She can’t hold herself to stop it, but she wishes that she could, because she feels more and more leaks until she’s sure she has a small wet patch. With how obvious she’s making it, it’s no wonder that the trainer she’s facing notices it, pausing his battling for a moment to comment, “Um, Misty...do you have to pee?”

Humiliated that he’s noticed but too far gone to deny it, she blushes furiously as she admits, “Badly! But I can’t leave during a battle!”

He gives her a look of sympathy as he says, “Then I’ll try to make this as quick as possible!” Normally, she would take this as a further challenge, but she puts up little resistance, just wanting it to be over, and knowing that him winning is the fastest path.

Though the battle is short from that point on, her bladder can only take so much, and she spends the rest of the battle with her legs tightly crossed, squirming as she fights back against leak after leak. In the end, no matter how she fights, there is only so much she can do, and there is nothing that she can do to stop the inevitable.

The battle comes to an end, but just as she is recalling her last fainted Pokemon, she has reached her limit, her bladder losing the battle as well. Humiliated, she soaks through her clothes in front of the trainer, forming a puddle on the ground amongst the puddles made by all the water attacks.

He stares at her as she wets herself, and by the time she’s done, she can’t stand to be around him a moment longer. She just wants to forget about all of this. “Just take your badge and leave!”

*142*2019-09-20 13:52

Gumball and Penny made sure that they went to the bathroom before the movie started. Knowing that it was going to be a three hour move, they had to make sure they were prepared. However, there isn’t much that they can do when it comes to waiting for that long, so even though they went to the bathroom beforehand, that doesn’t mean that they’ll be able to make it through the whole movie before they have to use the bathroom again.

Not to mention the fact that they decided to get sodas and drink them throughout, which causes their bladders to begin to fill. By the time they are two hours into the movies, both realize that they’ve needed to pee for a little bit now, their bladders steadily filling as a result of their drinks. Gumball shifts in his seat, noticing that Penny does the same thing.

“Maybe the soda was a bad idea,” he mutters, and she nods in agreement. Both decide to try and hold it, with only an hour left on the movie. Though it’s already getting pretty difficult, both hope that they can hold out long enough to see the rest of the movie without leaving.

As the movie goes on and as their situation worsens, they begin doing whatever they can to make holding it easy on them. While they squirm in their seats, they cross their legs as well, keeping a tight hold to try to avoid any leaks. It’s hard to even focus on both the movie and holding it, but neither want to miss even a second, even if focusing is difficult now. Both are starting to get worried that they might not actually be able to hold it, but neither wants to admit it, and they just keep trying, steeling themselves.

By the time another thirty minutes have passed, with only thirty minutes left in the movie, they can feel just how desperate their situation has become. Gumball finds that he cannot sit still at all, squirming and fidgeting, crossing and recrossing his legs, back and forth as he tries to fight his bladder. He is almost certain that he won’t be able to hold it until the end of the movie, but what is he going to? Even if he got up to go to the bathroom, he isn’t sure if he would be able to make it, and he’s sure that Penny is doing no better.

But all he can think about is relieving himself, and he has to figure out something to do. Looking over to Penny, he points to the cup and says, “C-can I use that real quick? It’s empty, so…”

“What? No way!” Penny says. “Hearing you go would make me go! Besides, that’s gross!”

Both blush and look away from each other, with Gumball trying his best to hold back. When there is fifteen minutes left in the movie, Gumball feels himself spring a leak, and he panics. “Penny! Please!” he begs, not sure that he can make it even that short amount of time.

“Fine!” she agrees, too panicked by her own desperation to worry about it anymore. At this point, she doesn’t even think she could make it if she were to try to walk to the bathroom, so she says, “Just don’t look at me when I go too!”

Gumball is surprised, not only that Penny is willing to let him go, but even more surprised that she is going to do something like that too. She must be pretty desperate to be willing to give in just like he is going to. He agrees to her terms, and she says, “Never, ever speak of this again!” as the two of them grab their cups and prepare for it, both of them unzipping and getting into proper positions.

Both let loose with sighs of relief, barely even paying attention to the movie as they are finally able to relieve themselves. It’s a wonderful feeling after waiting for so long, and their cups quickly begin to fill up as they overfull bladders empty out.

But what they didn’t realize was that Darwin and Cassie are sitting in front of them, and hear the sound of liquid filling the cups. “Ew, gross!” they cry, and Gumball and Penny look up, realizing that they’re being watched.

“I-I’m sorry, it was urgent!” Gumball cries, as he and Penny blush. They end up missing the end of the movie as they beg them not to tell anyone about this.

*144*2019-09-24 15:45

There is a newly activated experiment on the loose, experiment number 456, who has a very peculiar ability. The ability centers around distracting someone so much that anything could go on around them and they would be too focused on their own problem to care, but the way that it does that is very strange indeed. To be more specific, experiment 456 can give people a sudden urge to pee, and increase it in intensity, until they are so desperate that they can’t think of anything else. Eventually, if it overdoes it, then they will wet themselves, ending the control for a short time.

One day, it sets its sights on a hula performance, one that Lilo happens to be participating in with her group. However, Lilo is not the one that will be struck by that misfortune, and she will remain dry and unhumiliated throughout the show. The same cannot be said for one of the members of her group, however. Myrtle, it seems, will finally get some comeuppance for some of the nasty things that she has done.

They line up in their outfits, ready to go out on stage, when experiment 456 sets its sights on Myrtle, targeting her with the troublesome ability. Unknowingly, it waits until the absolute worst moment, when it is past the time that she could have gone to the bathroom before the show, targeting her so that soon, she feels a sudden urge to pee begin to grow.

Groaning to herself, she mutters, “Not now!” She hopes that she will be able to wait throughout the show, because she will have no opportunity to pee during. Normally she is vigilant about such things, so she doesn’t know why she suddenly has to go so bad, unaware of the experiment’s unusual power effecting her.

The way the urge is now, it’s hard to ignore but not impossible to hold for the hour performance, and she is fairly confident that she will be able to make it. As the show starts and she goes onstage with the others, Myrtle tries to forget her need to pee and focus on the dance steps. Naturally, experiment 456 decides to up the ante at this point, seeing that she is still not fully distracted and deciding that that is a sign that its power isn’t working well enough.

Her need suddenly spikes, nearly causing her to miss a step in the dance. She panics, but doesn’t allow herself to show it externally, but she knows that this means she has more of a chance of not making it. She can’t allow herself to have an accident while she’s on stage, but as her need to pee rapidly begins to grow, it is harder for her to hold back against it.

Myrtle tries to hold back, biting her lip as she struggles to keep up her dancing, but she begins to struggle, stumbling and missing steps when she feels a pang of arousal. She doesn’t know what she is going to do, and doesn’t know how she got so desperate. Meanwhile, the experiment watches her, disappointed with how well she is holding out so far.

Increasing her desperation level is easy, until she’s trembling and barely keeping up with the dancing at all. It must be obvious by how shaky her steps are and how she’s struggling with her footwork, and she’s sure that several people must already be able to tell that she’s desperate to pee. It’s so embarrassing, but nothing is more embarrassing than what would happen if she actually lost control in front of the whole audience.

So she continues to fight off her desperation, but it grows past a point that she can even manage. With only fifteen minutes left in the show, she feels a leak escape her, and she isn’t able to stop the spurt of liquid no matter how she fights it. Panic overtakes her as she gasps, “N-not now!”

She has already begun to wet herself, and there’s nothing she can do to stop it. She leaks again and again until she freezes in place, screaming, “I-I can’t hold it!” Suddenly, all eyes are on her, and she has a full audience for her inevitable accident.

Myrtle can’t hold back the flood anymore, fully wetting herself on stage as the whole audience and all of her dance class stare at her. Lilo watches in shock, before looking slightly backstage and seeing the experiment watching. She knows what is happening and that Myrtle’s accident wasn’t her fault, but she decides to keep that to herself. Perhaps the humiliation might knock the mean girl down a few pegs.

*147*2019-09-27 15:13

One day, Shining Armor is on guard duty. Everything is going fine for him, with nothing eventful happening. In fact, the day could, for the most part, be called dull, but because it’s so dull, that means he has nothing to distract him from the steadily growing pressure in his bladder as the day goes on. Even though it isn’t that bad at the beginning, thinking about it doesn’t make it better for him, and it steadily gets worse as time goes on.

When he only has two hours left on his shift, he really starts to notice it growing. He finds that he has to pee pretty badly now, and he hopes that this doesn’t mean he will be struggling for the rest of his shift. But with how bad it already is, he isn’t sure that he will be able to focus for very long, as he is sure that it is only going to get worse from here on out.

There is no one who can take over for him early, so he has to wait until the very end, but now that his need has grown to this point, he begins to wonder if that will be possible for him without taking some sort of break. But a break is completely impossible with a job this important, so all he can do is wait it out, crossing his legs as he tries to ignore the growing desperation.

The time drags on and on, and the throbbing in his full bladder increases. He really doesn’t know if he’s going to make it until the end; even though it’s not as urgent as it could be now, there’s still so much time left on his shift that he knows it’s going to get much worse before it’s over, and that makes him so nervous that holding it becomes even more difficult for him as a result.

Shuffling back and forth, he’s glad that he’s completely alone in the hallway. Even if it is a boring shift, he is at least able to handle his desperation a bit more obviously, without worrying about anyone seeing him doing so. Now, whether he wets himself or not will be a different story altogether, but he tries not to think about that as a possibility right now. A half hour passes with him keeping it under control, but he really isn’t sure how much longer he can last like this.

In fact, he is fairly certain that no matter what he does, he isn’t going to make it to the end of his shift, but when he begins panicking over that, it only makes his desperation worse. It would be better for him to not think about it at all, but he finds that he can’t stop thinking about it, once he has started. Shining Armor is worried, but he doesn’t know what he can do to change the situation, and just keeps holding on, with no idea what the outcome will be for him.

The more time drags on, the more panicked he becomes, and when he can’t get his urge to go down at all, he knows he has to do something, or else he will definitely wet himself before this shift is over. Nothing would be humiliating than that, he thinks, which means he has to come up with a solution, and fast. Looking around, Shining Armor spots a trash can and gets a very bad idea.

Hurrying over to it, he sees an empty bottle inside, just what he was hoping for. That is, at least, a lucky break for him, even though he knows he shouldn’t be doing this at all. Lifting the bottle, he looks around to make sure that he’s truly alone, before getting into position to use it. Oh man, I hope no one sees, I would never live this down, he thinks.

But, just his luck, that is when his younger sister and her friends round the corner, as he says, “This could get messy…” to himself.

Just as he is about to let go, Twilight Sparkle spots him, and gasps. “Brother! What are you doing?!”

“T-Twilie...what are you doing here?” he stammers with a blush, trying to hold back. He doesn’t want them to see him pee, and it is made worse when Rarity gives him a funny look, saying, “That’s gross, darling.”

He isn’t going to be able to hold back anymore, and he says, “P-please don’t look, I’ve been holding it for a long time, guard duty doesn’t allow any bathroom break.” However, nobody looks away, and he loses control. With a blush and a sigh of relief, he begins filling the bottle, knowing that he will have to beg them to never speak of this again when he’s done.

*149*2019-09-30 15:06

One day, Tadano comes by to pick Retsuko up right after work for a date. She hurries to join him in his limo, and the two of them make their way to the airport. Unfortunately for them, the traffic is bad at this hour, and they get caught in a traffic jam that leaves them in pretty much a complete stand still. After a little while of frustrated waiting, Tadano asks his AI for information about how long it will take to get to their destination.

“Data unavailable. I am unable to get a clear estimation on when the traffic jam will end.”

“Oh, well, that’s just great,” Tadano says, crossing his legs. “I really need to pee.”

Blushing, Retsuko laughs and says, “M-me too.” She hurried out of her work before visiting the bathroom, not thinking about the fact that they might meet traffic on the way. She thought it wouldn’t be a long ride before she got to the airport, but now she feels the pressure in her bladder growing.

It makes her feel a little better knowing that she isn’t alone in that, but she also feels bad for Tadano, having to deal with the same discomfort that she is as well. She squirms in her seat as the urge starts to get worse, the traffic moving at a crawl if it even moves at all. More often than not, they barely move before having to slow to a complete stop, and with no progress being made, she grows more nervous about her situation.

As for Tadano, he decides that waiting it out might not be worth it. It’s starting to hurt, and he doesn’t want to have to hold it for who knows how long. If he’s going to give up, he might as well do it early on, is how he sees it. So he digs through some of the trash near his seat, producing a couple empty bottles. Retsuko looks over in surprise, realizing what it is that he’s planning to do.

“Did you want one too?” he asks, noticing that she’s looking at him. He’s a little embarrassed, but trying to play it cool.

“N-no,I’m fine,” she says.

Blushing, he says, “You don’t mind if I use it, though, right?”

“No, go right ahead,” she replies, trying to hide how awkward the situation is for her. “I-if you really need to.”

“Alright, then please don’t look.” Retsuko blushes even harder as she turns around, but she can hear the sound of him unzipping his pants, and then the sound of his huge sigh of relief, and then the bottle filling up, the splash of liquid inside of it causing her to squeeze her thighs together to try and alleviate her own desperation.

It’s very hard to listen to all of this, especially knowing what he’s doing when she has to go so bad as well, and she hopes that they reach the airport soon, because she doesn’t know how long she can make it. When Tadano tells her he’s done, she turns around to see that he’s zipped up and capped the bottle, which is almost completely full.

“Wow, you really had to go,” she comments.

“Yeah, I was hoping to hold it until we got there, so I could just go on my plane before we took off,” he replies. That is what Retsuko is hoping for, but it continues to get worse as time goes on, until Tadano notices her squirming again and asks, “Are you sure you don’t want a bottle?”

But she doesn’t want to use a bottle in front of her boyfriend, and is determined to wait until they get to the airport. “No, I’m fine. Traffic is finally starting to move again, so it’ll be fine.”

That is what she tries to convince herself, but her need has grown so urgent now that she has no choice but to hold herself. As embarrassing as it is, she has to do it to prevent leaks, until even that doesn’t work for her anymore. She feels a leak, and gasps in shock; Tadano seems to realize what’s going on and hurriedly grabs a bottle to hand to her.

However, it’s too late for her, and even reaching for the bottle proves to be too much. She stands, to avoid getting the seat and her skirt wet, as her bladder gives out and she fully soaks her panties in front of him. Retsuko has never been more humiliated in her life, and she blushes furiously even after she’s emptied out.

“I-I’m sorry…” she says in a soft voice.

As he gets out a towel, Tadano says, “It’s alright, you tried your best and I respect that. We’ll get this cleaned up, and you can get yourself cleaned up on the plane.”

She’s happy that he’s so understanding, and though she has to walk through the airport with wet panties on, soon she will be able to get some much needed relaxation.

