College Girls Need To Piss!

Author: ZY95

*000*2017-04-01 06:14

This is going to be my first story, it's about a group of girls on an unspecified college sports team who go on a trip to a museum. I decided to set the story in spring of 1997 so I can write a follow up story if it's well received. The girls in the story are wearing their team jackets and 90's era jeans that are either light or medium blue. Tell me how you like it!

Chapter 1

As the group of college girls boarded the bus they were all loud but soon quieted down, "I'm Amber your coach Hannah's sister" the bus driver said. They had rented a cheap bus and luckily for them Amber was a licensed bus driver, and a good one at that. "So it's about 11:00 o'clock right now and in about an hour we'll stop for lunch, we should be at the museum around 1:00, any questions?" ... "okay good!" Amber said as no one asked any questions.

Two girls, Kate and Brandie chatted to pass the time "how was your trip with your boyfriend?" asked Kate, "he's not my boyfriend, and it actually wasn't that great we're not really right for eachother". Kate waited unsure how to respond, Brandie said "don't worry though he knows how I feel and he actually feels the same way", "I guess thats not that bad then, did you enjoy the trip?" asked Kate. Brandie's response was an excited "yup! even though we didn't click it wasn't terrible". Both girls continued chatting until they arrived at their lunch destination.

All the girls got off the bus and went into the resturant and ordered their meals, which came with free refills for their drinks. "No way I'd drink more than one of those" said Brandie as Kate and the girls around her filled up on drinks, "why?" Kate said. Brandie having been put on the spot blurted out "what if the we get caught in traffic?, or what if..." Kate interrupted her and said "the youngest person here is 19 I'm sure that what your thinking about won't be a problem". After that they switched back to their normal conversations and finished up their meals, it was now 12:30 and they were back on the road.

For the next 40 minutes the ride was uneventful, however about 15 minutes from their destination a girl stood up in her seat and said "how long until we're at the museum" their coach said "about 10 more minutes". Brandie didn't say anything but wondered if the girl had to pee, surely most of them had to go with the way they swallowed those drinks. She soon turned to Kate and said jokingly "you have to pee yet?"

"yeah, and I'm probably not the only one its not like it matters though since were almost there". At around 1:20 the girls arrived at the museum and as they exited the bus they noticed the parking lot was strangely empty.

*006*2017-04-14 18:43

This story won't be finished for a while, sorry about that.

