More Wishes Gone Wrong (A Fairly Odd Parents Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-04-28 17:39

A/N: Another commission for vexer. Seriously, there is no show I have seen that I will not write for, i am all about that commission business.

Timmy had absolutely had it with the way Vicky treated him, though this was far from the first time he'd claimed to have “had it”. Still, he felt that she had really crossed a line this time, and he was tired of all the ways she tried to humiliate him. It was time that she got a taste of her own medicine, and he said as much while ranting about this to Cosmo and Wanda.

His rant was finished off with him declaring, “I wish she'd be humiliated, to make up for the way she humiliated me!”

The problem was, he wasn't very specific when he made his wish and never mentioned Vicky specifically. All he had said was “she”, and though he hated to admit it, he had been humiliated by a few other girls in his time, and the magic was set to target them as well. Still, since Vicky had humiliated him the most recently, she was targeted first, and he didn't notice that anything was up at first.

He had wished to be wherever Vicky was when it happened, and so he ended up secretly following her around the mall, watching for signs of whatever would lead to her humiliation. Soon enough, it was easy to tell that she was getting desperate and ignoring it, which meant that she was going to end up wetting herself in front of a lot of people. The mall was very crowded, which meant that there would be several people witnessing her humiliation.

She was fidgety and nervous, but did not interrupt her shopping even when she was so visibly desperate that anyone would have been able to tell what the problem was. Vicky would cringe and wince, and then keep on as if nothing had happened. Eventually, it got to a point where she would have to stop and squirm in place before she could continue shopping.

Already, people were noticing her doing this and laughing to themselves about it, but she didn't seem to notice and Timmy got satisfaction watching as everyone made fun of her. Soon enough, she would really get hers, and he would get to witness it and know that it happened because of him. Even if she didn't know, it didn't matter, because she would be humiliated and that was all that really mattered.

But what he didn't know was, at that moment, Trixie and Veronica were shopping in the mall as well and they were going to be affected by his wish as well. He didn't see when Veronica first began to feel uncomfortable and start to realize that she needed to pee, and didn't know that she decided to try to hold it a little bit longer because she didn't want Trixie to think that she was lame for needing a break already. And while all this was going on, Trixie started to feel her own need, but also thought it would be better to wait, because they hadn't been out for long and she didn't want to give Veronica any reason to think less of her.

And so the two girls, much like Vicky, ignored their own bladders even when it became obvious that they were desperate, and neither of them seemed to notice the signs that the other was giving off. But Timmy hadn't seen them yet and hadn't figured out what was going on outside of his revenge plot with Vicky. All he could see was how close she was getting to losing control in front of everyone and that she didn't realize that, and wouldn't until it was much too late.

He watched her stop to cross her legs, he watched her squirm around in front of everyone, and he watched the way she struggled to walk, but it was not until she doubled over, with her hands between her legs, that she seemed to realize just how serious her situation was. She steadied herself, blushing as she realized that a lot of people were staring and laughing, but also looking panicked because she knew the situation was going to get worse if she didn't do something about it.

By this point, she could hardly walk at all, and began to slowly make her way towards the bathrooms, struggling with each step. She whimpered a bit, looking terrified as she went, knowing that she was almost at her limit, and Timmy could see just how close she was to losing it. But she was getting close to the bathrooms, and if she didn't wet herself soon, she might make it, and then she wouldn't be humiliated at all. He didn't understand why this was happening until she finally reached the bathrooms and let out a moan of distress.

On the door of the women's bathroom was a sign that read “Out of Order.” A few girls who passed it looked a bit uncomfortable, but they were not so desperate that they couldn't make it across the mall to the the other bathrooms. But Vicky was at her absolute limits, and she wailed, knowing as well as Timmy did that she wouldn't be able to make it over there. Even so, she took the first few pained steps in the other direction, but then it was too late for her.

Doubling over once more, she jammed her hands between her legs to try to stop what she already knew she couldn't, and then she was wetting herself completely, in front of nearly everyone in the mall. Though her pants were dark enough that the dark patch barely showed, it was still obvious just by her face what was happening, and it was not long before a puddle began to form on the floor around her. It was also not long before laughter broke out in the crowd, and Vicky blushed as the group of mall goes mocked her. She had been well and truly humiliated, and Timmy felt satisfied to have had his revenge.

As soon as her bladder had finished emptying, Vicky fled the scene, running for the exit while running from everyone laughing at her. And of course Timmy was among those laughing, perhaps even laughing hardest of all. His small bit of revenge wouldn't do him much good down the road, but for now, it gave him more than enough satisfaction. But that was still before he knew all that was going on in relation to his wish, including just how bad things had gotten for Trixie and Veronica.

Namely the fact that things had been steadily getting worse for the both of them, but neither would admit it and both only made effort to conceal it from the other while remaining perfectly oblivious to whatever signs the other made that they were in the same boat. So, while it was clear to the public that they were both struggling, it was not clear to each other and they both kept shopping and trying to maintain their facade, all while desperately hoping the other would need to go to the bathroom first so that they wouldn't have to be the one to look bad.

Trixie couldn't stand the idea of looking powerless in front of Veronica, though she normally wouldn't have cared what her friend thought of her. The magic made her a bit more irrational and she could only think about how this would affect her image and she therefore cared a lot more than she normally would have. Even as she felt her bladder filling up more than she was able to handle, she did what she could to push it to the back of her mind and kept looking at clothes as if nothing were wrong. Even when she found herself squirming whenever Veronica wasn't looking and when she found that she could hardly hold still, she just kept pretending that she was fine. She was sure that she could last until she had a good opportunity.

But she was already so close to her limit, even more so than she realized because her judgment was so clouded. She crossed her legs for a moment, not realizing just how obvious this looked, and really thought that she was being subtle, even when she bounced up and down and squirmed around in front of everyone. It was so obvious that it was painful to those who watched her, but she wasn't being any less subtle than Veronica was.

Just the same as Trixie, Veronica would wait for an opportunity where she didn't seem to be looking, and then she would cross her legs and bounce on her knees, and pace back and forth, and then freeze up and pretend like nothing had happened when she thought that Trixie was looking again. She was honestly used to holding a bit just to make sure she didn't look bad in front of Trixie and she had her fair share of experience, but now she was pushing herself further than she ever had before. She had never been this dangerously close to wetting herself, but she kept telling herself that she would be fine, and that she wouldn't have to wait too much longer.

The two girls just kept trying to fight the inevitable and kept trying to keep the other from finding out, but even with their resolve, they could not last forever, and even with their resolve, they soon found that they were absolutely at their limits and could not wait anymore, regardless of what the other girl thought. And so Trixie took off at as quick of a pace as she could manage in her current state, with Veronica following close behind, both with the same destination in mind.

They hadn't even communicated what it was they were doing and it was suddenly as if they had forgotten their reason for holding altogether. All that mattered was making sure that they didn't wet themselves, which they both knew was coming soon if they didn't do something about it. Unfortunately, and unbeknownst to them, they were making their way toward the same bathroom that Vicky had tried to use, the one that was still out of order.

By the time they reached it, it was too late for them to go anywhere else, just as it had been with Vicky. Veronica wailed in distress, completely forgetting to try to mask her problem. She wasn't going to make it any longer and she knew it, and there was nothing she could do to stop herself from being completely humiliated. She made a small effort to get away from the crowd, but her cry had directed too much attention to her and she couldn't, and there were several eyes on her as she felt her bladder give out at last.

Moaning in humiliation, she felt the warm liquid running down her legs, and she covered her face as she flooded her panties.

Trixie would have normally been disgusted to watch her friend do something like this, but right now, she had much more important things on her mind, such as trying to get to the other bathroom. She turned away from Veronica and made a feeble attempt to get away, but just like Vicky, she had no chance of making it all the way across the mall in her current condition. All she cared about was getting away from where Veronica had humiliated herself and avoid her own humiliation, but she barely made it a few feet before it was also too late for her.

Clenching her fists, she wasn't sure what to do when she began to wet herself. She wanted to try to find some way to conceal it, but she was completely frozen in place, in full view as it ran down her legs, puddling at her feet, and the crowd roared with laughter, though everyone was a bit confused. That was the third girl that had wet herself over the fact that the bathrooms were out of order, and it seemed like one hell of a coincidence.

And Timmy began to wonder if it was a coincidence at all. He had watched in amusement, and then horror, as Veronica and Trixie had met the same humiliation that he had created for Vicky. Had it happened to both of them directly as a result of his wish or had it been more indirect, just because the bathrooms happened to be closed for his wish to work? He didn't know why his wish would have caused it, but he didn't understand how he hadn't been specific enough to make sure that it would only target Vicky.

Whatever the case, he felt responsible for what had happened to them, and even though he didn't particularly like Veronica, he felt bad for her just as he felt bad for Trixie, and he wondered if the bathroom would be fixed any time soon, or if any other girls would suffer the same fate. He hoped that it was over for now, but once again, there was more that he did not know.

Namely that Vicky had had to bring Tootie with her to the mall, but had promptly left her by herself. This meant that, when she left, Tootie had been left alone and had no idea where to find her sister. Not to mention the fact that she needed to pee, and didn't know where to find any of the bathrooms. She was stuck by herself, getting more and more desperate, while she tried to find Vicky so that she could go to the bathroom or, at the very least, go back home.

It didn't help that she had a habit of not noticing that she had to go until things were already bad, and she had once again held for a little bit too long before realizing that she really needed to go, and soon. This meant that she was already close to her limit even before she realized she was getting there, and without her sister, she had no idea where she was going. Squirming in place, she looked for one of those maps of the building, hoping that she could find her way to a bathroom from there.

She continued to squirm and fidget and cross her legs while she stared at the map she found, finally able to figure out where she was and which direction she needed to go in, and not a moment too soon. She could barely walk in the direction she needed to, she was so close to losing control, and she couldn't even afford to walk quickly, not wanting to jostle her overfull bladder any more than necessary. It took her much longer than it would have normally for her to get close to the bathroom, and by the time she got there, she was at her very limit.

That was when she saw the out of order sign herself, and whimpered. There was no way she would make it anywhere else, and she already had such a hard time finding her way around anyway. There was no way that she would get out of this without wetting herself, but she didn't want to do something like that in the middle of a crowded mall. There would be so many people who would see her do that, and she didn't know how she would get out of this.

And then she saw Timmy in the crowd, and just like every time she saw him, everything else on her mind melted away and he was all she could think about. Her need was temporarily forgotten, and all she wanted was to go over to talk to him. Forgetting everything, she made her way toward him, until it was very immediately and very suddenly brought back to the forefront of her mind.

But now Timmy had noticed her coming toward him and he was looking at her, and there were so many people around who could start looking at her at any moment, and she realized that the only reason they weren't was because Trixie and Veronica had done exactly what she was trying not to do, and were the center of attention. If she were to wet herself as well, everyone would surely notice, but worst of all, Timmy would notice it.

She tried as hard as she could to hold back, but it was already too late for her, and with Timmy looking directly at her, she jammed her hands between her legs and tried to stop a spurt of liquid escaping. But she couldn't, and she couldn't stop the one that followed it, nor could she stop her bladder was emptying completely. Timmy looked just as horrified as she felt as she began to wet herself in front of him, but the crowd was still so focused on Trixie and Veronica that only a few saw her do it. Still, she would have given anything for Timmy not to be one of the few, and she felt tears well up in her eyes as a puddle formed at her feet.

She was a few seconds from bursting into sobs when Timmy suddenly closed the distance between them and grabbed her hand, pulling her away from the crowd, and she was so delighted at the sudden contact that her tears did not fall. He did not let go of her even as they made their way out the mall exit, and she was confused as to why he was doing this, though she could not say that she minded.

Timmy, meanwhile, was doing this because as soon as he had seen her, he knew what was coming. He still couldn't tell if it was directly because of his wish or simply bad luck, but this was the third girl he knew that he hadn't wished for this to happen to, and he didn't want another one to suffer that humiliation. She was lucky that everyone was so distracted that hardly anyone noticed her, but he knew he had to act quickly if he was going to prevent that from going any further, and so he had grabbed her and moved her before she was noticed.

“You need to get home and get cleaned up,” he said, once they were outside. He let go of her hand once he realized that she hadn't.

“You mean you did that to rescue me?” she asked, sounding delighted. He knew that she would not see this as anything other than a romantic gesture, and that he would have to deal with that for a very long time, but he would just have to deal with that when the time came.

“Get home before someone else notices,” was all he said, but Tootie still gazed at him with the same adoration.

“You're my hero,” she cooed, so delighted to get to spend this time with him.

