The Revenge Plot (A Lizzie McGuire Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-05-04 19:38

A/N: Another commission that I'm sorry took so long. Now that I'm out of school, these definitely shouldn't be as hard to crank out, but with finals and such, it was a bit problematic.

Lizzie and Miranda could not believe how terribly they had to pee.

They could not believe it due to the sheer intensity, which was almost to the point of being unbearable, but more so than that, they could not believe it due to how suddenly it had come on. They had only had one drink each at the beginning of class, and now, halfway through it, they were positively bursting. It just didn't make any sense.

Lizzie was honestly surprised that her friend was even in the same boat as her, but it was easy to see that she was when you noticed her jiggling her knees under her desk. Lizzie was jiggling her knees as well, and had a hand pressed to her crotch. She hoped that no one could tell just how desperate she was, but more than that, she hoped that she could make it until class was over.

Her bladder throbbed painfully as she blocked out everything her teacher said in favor of concentrating on holding it. She squirmed in her seat, biting on her lip as she did so. She only had a half hour left to wait, but it would be a struggle to make it even that long with how full she felt. She didn't understand why she and her friend had filled up so fast- they had only had plain water bottles, nothing weird about them.

And yet, her she was, leaking into her panties every now and then as she struggled to hold on, and Miranda was just as close to losing control as she was. She crossed her legs at the ankles, but it did nothing to help. The clock moved at an agonizingly slow rate, while her bladder felt like it was filling much faster than natural.

It was as she was thinking this that she heard Miranda let out a horrified gasp. She turned and her eyes widened as she saw a large wet spot growing on her jeans and a puddle forming in her seat, which soon spread and splashed on the floor, gaining the attention of everyone in the class.

Everyone stared, confused and shocked, as Miranda wet herself, and the sound and sight of the puddle forming on the floor was too much for Lizzie. Her hand grew suddenly warm and wet as her pants grew dark as well and she formed her own puddle on the floor beneath her.

The students in the classroom burst into laughter upon seeing the two girls wet themselves, and Lizzie's face turned red in humiliation. Miranda's face turned a similar shade of red. The girls laughing the loudest were Claire and Kate, who looked positively overjoyed.

“Wow, I didn't know it would work that well,” said Kate.

“What did I tell you?” asked Claire. “I knew it would work like a charm!”

“What are you talking about?” asked Lizzie, a sense of dread falling over her as she realized what was going on.

“Oh, nothing,” said Claire. “But maybe some girls shouldn't leave their water bottles unattended before class.” She winked, and Lizzie started to retaliate, but she and Miranda were told to go to the office to get a change of clothes by the teacher.

~X~

“I can't believe they did something like that!” Miranda said after school, still enraged about what had happened in class. The whole day, she and Lizzie had been mocked for their “accidents” in the classroom.

“We have to get back at them somehow,” said Lizzie. It was hard to believe that the girls could have done something so mean, but now they were just asking for retaliation. “I just don't know how yet.”

“Well, why don't we just fight fire with fire?” asked Miranda. “Well, water with water in this case. All we have to do is a find a way to slip something into their drinks, and then we can watch them squirm!”

~X~

After a few days of planning and observing, Lizzie and Miranda had found the perfect opportunity to get their revenge. They had a diuretic, probably the same one that had been used on them, at the ready, and knew Kate and Claire's patterns so well that it would be easy to slip it to them. Then they could just sit back and watch the show.

It wasn't hard for them to get it into the girls' drinks, as their guard was surprisingly low, and by the time they were in class together, they were delighted to see how visibly desperate Kate and Claire had already become.

The two girls were trying to keep their cool, but both of them had an incredibly nervous expression on their faces. They would try to look completely collected whenever they noticed anyone looking at them, but it was easy to tell that they were covering something up, and Lizzie and Miranda were perfectly aware of what that was.

Their movements were subtle at first. A fidget here, a twitching leg there, a few knee jiggles, but nothing major. Nothing that a third party would notice or attribute to desperation. But as time went on, these movements became a bit more obvious. The fidgeting became more and more frequent until it was a full-on squirm, that neither of them could stop for very long even when people started looking.

The knee jiggling became a constant, and there was a lot of leg crossing, uncrossing, and recrossing. It was becoming increasingly more obvious to the others in the class that Claire and Kate had to pee, and there were a few giggles as the irony of the situation dawned on them. Of course, they didn't know that this was not irony, and was instead just plain old revenge. Still, they knew the girls were desperate, and that alone made this much better.

Claire was the first to jam a hand between her legs, and though she tried to make it look like she was just resting it there, but there was a clear amount of pressure being applied that she could not hide, try as she may. Kate was trying to hold out a little longer and avoid exposing any more of her desperation, but she looked close to tears as she fought against it.

She was unwilling to show her desperation any further, in fact, that she was the first to go. Lizzie could see her legs uncross suddenly as a dribble of liquid began to flow out of her skirt, rolling off the chair and hitting the floor beneath her. She let out a loud gasp, that attracted the attention of all of those who hadn't noticed her before. It was just like earlier in the week all over again, but this time, the perpetrators had become the unfortunate victims.

Claire was not willing to meet the same fate as her friend and hopped up suddenly, her hand still between her legs. As she hobbled to the door, ignoring all else around her, streams of piss began to run down her legs until she stopped short, the torrent becoming too much for her to contain. A puddle grew at her feet as she groaned in frustrated, completely humiliated as she wet herself in front of everyone.

There was a silence in the classroom as everyone realized that it had really happened. Claire and Kate, after pranking Lizzie and Miranda into doing it, had wet themselves in the middle of class. It seemed too crazy to be true, but as Lizzie and Miranda stood up and high fived, it all made sense.

A/N: From here on out, no more slow comms! Unless I get overrun, haha.

