Genshin Gal Omorashi

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-08-26 19:58

A/N: A series of fic commissions I've been doing on each girl's birthday, as commissioned by my fiance, starting with Fischl. Barbara is missing from the order because he didn't get omo for her that time, but yeah!

The biggest clue that something is not right with Fischl is the fact that she is being so quiet. The two of them have spent quite a lot of time adventuring together now, and Aether is more than used to all of the talking that she tends to do. Not that he has a problem with it; quite the opposite, really, and that is one of the main reasons that he wants to keep her close all the time.

He is very fond of her, and loves everything that she does, all of the little things that make her herself. So, the fact that she is being uncharacteristically quiet is more than enough reason for him to worry about her, and think that there might be some sort of problem. The first time that he asks her, she brushes him off, when he had been expecting her to at least go into some elaborate explanation of how she is just fine, and how foolish he is to assume anything else.

Instead, she just brushes him off, with such a brief sentence that it seems as if it comes from another person altogether. There is definitely something wrong with Fischl, but Aether is not sure about how he can get to the bottom of this. If she wanted him to know, he wants to believe that she would have told him by now, and that, if she is keeping it to herself, then that means that this is none of his business.

At least, that is what he tells himself for a while, but it is hard not to be worried about her, when she is acting so different, and when she will not tell him what the problem is. If he is really not supposed to bother her about it, then he wants to leave her alone, but if she needs his help in any way and just does not know how to ask, he does not want her to feel like she can’t ask for help, like he will not help her in any way that he possibly can. If there is anything that he can do for her, of course he is going to.

But Fischl brushed him off that first time, and he is afraid to make her angry by continuing to push the issue, if she really wanted him to leave her alone. Instead, he decides to try and figure out the problem for himself, even though she probably really doesn’t want him to know at all. If it is nothing he can help with, then he will just pretend not to know, but if it is something serious, he is going to find his way to help her, no matter what.

The problem is, he can’t come up with anything unusual, beyond the fact that she is being really quiet, having barely spoken a word since he asked her if everything is okay. That must suggest some level of discomfort, but then, what is the source? It can’t have been something he did…can it? Aether tries to think back on another that may have upset Fischl so much that it would have left her silent, but he can only imagine her getting more vocal while angry with him, rather than less. He just can’t imagine her actually bottling things up like that, when she could just let him have it, and lecture him for causing any sort of problem.

He won’t say that it is impossible that this is all his fault, but he is going to rule that out for now, focusing instead on her body language, trying to look for any signs that she might be feeling sick. He does notice that there is something strange about the way she is walking, a sort of stiffness that is not normally there, and there is an expression on her face that he finds it difficult to read. She seems distracted, a faraway look in her eye, and her lips are pressed tight together, which definitely suggests discomfort.

Aether is coming up blank, but if he can help Fischl, he really does want to.

Meanwhile, Fischl is rather glad that he seems to be completely oblivious, because she needs him to remain that way for the time being, until she is able to come up wit a solution to the problem that is getting more pressing by the second. Truth be told, she is running out of time, and she still does not know what to do. The obvious thing is to simply excuse herself, but in order to do that, she has to actually have an excuse, or otherwise tell him outright what she has to do.

She has to get away from him, but since it is just the two of them, out exploring together, there is no chance for her to slip away without being noticed. If she were to just ask, she is sure that Aether would not think any less of her, and yet, she just can’t bring herself to call attention to her need. It feels like debasing herself, and that is the last thing that someone of her standing should do. On the off chance that it does cause him to think less of her, she doubts that she would ever be able to recover from such humiliation.

No, far better to keep it a secret that she desperately needs to pee right now, even though she knows that she can’t last forever, and even though she knows that she is going to have to do something about this soon. Even though she knows that simply owning up to it would be the best course of action.

The need came on slowly, and she was distracted in the beginning, barely even noticing it. She likes to be with Aether, because he makes her feel like it really is okay to be herself. In situations like that, it is all too easy for her to get carried away. She could easily ignore the slight pangs of discomfort, telling herself that she would worry about it later, but then later came, and there was still nothing she could do about it, the need growing steadily worse as she struggled to put it out of her mind, falling silent and growing distant due to all of the strain.

And so, that is how she finds herself out in the middle of nowhere, so desperate to pee that she can think of nothing else, and so determined to keep Aether from finding out that she knows she is just pushing him away and making him worry more about her. If she were to just tell him what the problem is, he at least might not worry so much, but her embarrassment about the state she is in is too strong, and so she just remains silent, ignoring his obvious concern as she tries, and fails, to come up with a plan to deal with this.

Obviously, her only option is to just tell him, but now, since she has been so quiet and distant about it all, even that does not feel like a valid choice anymore. Immediately, he will know that that was the only reason she has been acting this way, and even if he wouldn’t have thought anything of it before , she is sure that he will think less of her now, even if it is just because she has been so needlessly shy about something like this.

Things are getting really bad for her, so much so that she is struggling to even walk properly, and she prays he does not notice just how stiff she has become, all to try and prevent leaks. She is not going to be able to hold back forever, and he shows no sign of even considering turning back, not that she is sure she would be able to make it somewhere private, even if the two of them were to turn back right now. There is really no other choice for her but to be honest, and still she can’t bring herself to open her mouth, struggling to find the right words, to make herself sound even slightly less pathetic than she actually is.

Fischl is just completely out of luck, no matter how she looks at it. Honesty is her only option here, and no matter how Aether looks at her for it, it is definitely going to be better than whatever might happen to her if she wets herself. That would be the worst possible outcome, something that she would never be able to recover from. This might feel like an impossible situation, but it is probably nowhere near as bad as she imagines, and the chance to recover from her embarrassment is still there. If she loses control and wets herself like a little girl, then she knows that there is no chance at all, and that Aether will never want to bring her along ever again.

Just when she has set her mind on it, just when she is ready to face whatever she has to in order to avoid that humiliation, she is horrified to discover that it is already too late. She finds herself frozen in place, mouth hanging open, her request to be excused stopped before it comes out, as her bladder finally gives up on her. A strong spurt has already gushed out of her, and in her panic, she is too late to try and stop it from turning into something more, until she is fully wetting herself, just a few feet behind Aether, who is completely oblivious to what is going on.

It all comes out of her so quickly, feeling as though it is just pouring into her clothing, until it soaks through, running down her legs and gushing to the ground beneath her, and there is nothing at all that she can do now, not when it is all too obvious. All at once, a panicked idea comes to her, that she could try and run off, disappearing on him before he sees her in this state, but a cracked whimper finds its way past her lips, and Aether has already turned to face her. It is already too late for her, in every regard.

It takes him a moment to process what he sees, and even when she whimpers, “Don’t look,” he still finds himself frozen in place in his surprise. Somehow, it never occurred to him that this could be the problem, but now, it all makes too much sense to him. And when the tears start to fall, he feels absolutely terrible, both for not looking away when he was asked, and for not realizing the problem sooner, not doing more to make her feel comfortable and help her out.

In an instant, he is pulling her close, despite her protests. It does not matter to him if he gets wet in the process, because as far as he is concerned, he deserves that for not understanding her needs. She still relaxes in his arms, as he murmurs, “Come on, why are you crying?”

“B-because!” she hiccups. “A princess of the imnernachtreich shouldn't fall victim to such things…but I still…I still…”

“That’s not your fault, and it has nothing to do with being a princess or not, and definitely nothing to do with my loyalty to you as your knight,” he replies, hoping that he can find the words to properly comfort her. The only thing he wants to do now is make sure that she feels better. He needs her to understand that he is never going to think less of her for this sort of thing, and that he is always going to be there to support her, just as he is. Neither of them have admitted to any deeper feelings yet, but he hopes that his love for her shows through either way.

Fischl lets him keep holding her for quite some time, and as he says his words of comfort, she does not protest them quite as much. It will likely be a while before he can completely ease her worries, but at least the two of them are off to a good start. No matter what it takes, he is going to make things better for her.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*001*2021-08-27 15:57

A/N: This one is a bit more sexually charged, there's some direct piss drinking, but it centers on Lisa!

Aether has been a big help to Lisa lately, doing whatever she needs done. Her job is a busy one, or at least that is what she insists when she asks him to assist her, and he is more than willing to do whatever she needs done. He absolutely adores her, and she adores him in return, especially when he is there to give her what she needs. As it turns out, the amount of tasks that need to be done during the day can actually be handled by one person, and right now, that one person is Aether.

He works hard enough that there is no work actually left for Lisa, not that she minds that at all. She prefers it this way, where she can focus on what she really needs to; her personal reading and research, and perhaps a fair bit of relaxing mixed in with all of that. In her opinion, life is a lot better with a dutiful assistant to take care of anything and everything that she would rather not do.

But after hours of sitting around doing nothing, not even bothering to get up at any point, she soon realizes that she has another task for Aether to take care of. Fortunately for her, it is now closing time, so the two of them will soon be alone in the library, once he makes sure that everyone else has left. Not a moment too soon, because Lisa has put this off long enough that she is not even sure if she is able to get up.

“Is there anything else you need help with?” Aether calls out, as he comes back to her desk. The two of them are alone now, and he can make himself very useful to her.

“I do need your help with something,” she replies, wondering if he can sense the slight strain in her voice. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing now, and she has to press her thighs together to feel like she has even a chance of holding back until he is on his knees in front of her. She has managed to ignore and neglect her need for long enough now, just waiting for the chance to let Aether take care of it.

“Under your desk?” he asks, already understanding, without needing her to say a word. He knows what he is good for, and understands the ins and outs of their relationship perfectly by now. After a long day, he knows what she needs, and soon enough, he is right beneath her desk, his hands on her legs.

Aether is gentle as he pushes her thighs apart, and Lisa fights back against the urge to let loose now, when she knows that it is too soon. He is used to this work, and gets any clothing out of the way, to make sure that she stays dry even if he is not able to pull this off without making a mess. But he never makes a mess, not anymore, not with all the practice that he has.

Aether loves drinking it too much to let anything spill.

Lisa often does this on purpose, so much so that it has become a habit, that she often forgets even when she does not intend to wait it out. At this point, it is hard to tell which it is at any time, but at the very least, she can always count on Aether and that cute little mouth of his. She feels her lips on him, and knows that he is ready for her to let go now. It is easy for her to relax, and let it all come flowing out of her.

She does her best to control the stream, as much as she possibly can so that it does not become too much for him. At least that way she makes it easier for him to not make a mess of things, so that he never has to drink a single drop. Relief washes over her all at once and she moans for him, letting him hear just how good it feels for her. She reaches a hand under her desk to rest on top of his head, gently petting him while he dutifully drinks down her piss, taking care of her every need, just like any good assistant would.

All day long, he does everything for her, so that she does not have to so much as leave her desk, and now, this is how he finishes the day. There will be more to come after this, but that part takes place in her bed, not in the library, so she can’t really count it as part of his job as her assistant. But this part? This part she considers essential at this point, and he is far too hooked on it to ever want to stop.

He moans right along with her, as he swallows it all down, bit by bit. There is a lot, because she has been holding this all day, and she knows that she would have lost control if she had even tried to stand up like this. Aether really helped her out of a tight spot here, even if it is one that she decided all for herself. Slowly, her stream comes to a stop, and he remains where he is for a moment, just to make sure.

Finally, he pulls back and looks up at her from under his desk. She smiles down at him and says, “Another hard day’s work over, huh, sweetie? I think we could both use some rest and relaxation, don’t you agree?” Aether knows what that means, and the excitement is clear on his face as she pushes back and stands up, reaching down to take his hand.

Together, the two of them leave, both excited for what is to come. Aether is going to take care of her all over again, but this time, it is not a part of his “work” at the library. This time, it is just what she lets him do for fun.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*002*2021-08-29 19:41

A/N: Semi intentional with Hu Tao

When Aether asked her what she wanted to do, Hu Tao did not hesitate to tell him that she wanted to hang out with him all day. In her mind, there was nothing better that the two of them could do, and in her mind, that would make for an absolutely perfect day. She gets to do what she wants whenever she wants, so for once, she wants to spend her time on him, on the traveler that has caught her attention in more ways than one.

But hanging out all day means hanging out all day, and she does not want to miss out on a moment of it, not for any reason. Not even if she might have some business that she needs to attend to, not even if she should probably take a break from all of this. When she first feels an urge to pee, she completely ignores it, because she does not want to interrupt her day with Aether.

That would be just fine, except for the fact that it just keeps getting worse for her, and she knows that it is only going to continue to get worse if she does not go take care of it. She does not even know why it seems more important to ignore it than to take a brief break, one that would not really cut into their time together at all. But she does not want to excuse herself for any reason, and continues to remain stubborn.

The longer they continue spending time together, the worse it gets for her, until she can’t stand still, her bladder absolutely throbbing for release. It has been a long time since she has felt any need to push herself so far, usually able to take her breaks whenever she may need to. Aether has asked her a few times if she’s okay, and each time, she has completely brushed him off, telling him that there is nothing he needs to worry about. By now, she is pretty sure that he no longer believes her, but he can’t make her admit to anything.

If she just excused herself, it would all be fine, but she doesn’t want to. There is no other way to explain it; she just doesn’t want to. Every time Aether tries to check on her, every time he makes it clear that he can tell she’s hiding something from him, she has another opportunity to say she’ll be right back, and then go take care of things, but every time, she brushes him off, even when she is squirming like a desperate child in front of him.

And now she is sitting on his lap. Like this, things are only that much more obvious, but she wants to keep teasing Aether, clearly the most fun part of spending the day with him, so it is worth it. It is worth the way she squirms and writhes on top of him, fighting against her bursting bladder, and still finding the idea of seeking relief impossible. It feels better when she grinds down against his leg, her legs dangling off either side of it, so she does just that, willing to do whatever it takes to keep herself from losing control.

“Are you sure everything’s alright?” Aether asks her, making it clear from his voice that he already knows it isn’t. But if that is the case, then he should know better than to ask, since he already knows the answer himself, and knows that she is not going to say anything.

“Why do you ask?” she replies, her tone still playful despite the strain in her voice. Grinding against him like this feels so good…is that what this is? It took her a bit to realize that she is dragging all of this out because this feels good, because all of this, including holding it, is turning her on so much. Hu Tao didn’t expect something like this, but now, she definitely isn’t going to stop, no matter how desperate she is.

“You’ve just seemed a little uncomfortable for a while now, and I wanted to make sure…” Aether trails off, realizing for the first time the way she is panting, understanding that there is a lot more to the way she grinds down against him than just her need to pee. And he has absolutely no idea how he is supposed to react to something like that.

“I’m just fine, so stop worrying about me,” she replies, before biting her lip and whimpering. It is all too much for her; no matter what she says out loud, there is only so much that she can do about her body’s limitations. And so, right there on Aether’s lap, his leg pressed between hers, Hu Tao loses control and starts to piss herself and, as a result, starts to piss all over him as well.

Under normal circumstances, this would be horribly humiliating for anyone, but as Hu Tao gives into the relief, and as she gives into her own pleasure, the only thing she feels is pure, orgasmic ecstasy. Moaning out, she just lets loose, not bothering to hold anything back as she completely soaks Aether, who remains stunned beneath her, unable to make sense of what is happening, let alone how he feels about it.

All he knows is that he is soaked and that it is all so warm, and that Hu Tao is still writhing on top of him, still panting and moaning, and that it is the hottest thing he has ever seen in all his life. Beyond that, he is completely lost, and even more lost when she is finally done, relaxing back against him, and tilting her head back on his shoulder to look up at him.

“Don’t even try to pretend you weren’t into that,” she says, giving him the sort of grin that makes his chest ache. “I mean, you can try and deny it, but I’d just have to ask why you’re so hard, then.”

Sure enough, the evidence is right in front of her.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*003*2021-08-30 15:35

A/N: Yanfei time, with her triyng to just ignore it because she would rather talk with Aether

The truth is, Yanfei has known for a while now that she has to pee, but when she gets started talking, it is nearly impossible to get her to stop until she is truly done with what she wanted to say. That is something that she likes about Aether; he never tries to stop her, always interested in hearing what she has to say to the end. Part of that definitely has to do with just how infatuated he is with her, but she knows that, in turn, his infatuation stems from how interesting he finds her.

The two of them make a good pair, and he makes for an excellent listener. When she has a difficult case, she likes to talk it through with him, explaining what she has had to deal with thus far, explaining all of the intricate ins and outs, before using the conversation to help work her way through what she has not yet uncovered. So many breakthroughs have been made just from talking to Aether, and that is why she never wants to stop, not until she is actually done with what she is trying to say.

Which makes situations like this one particularly difficult. She has been talking for a long time now, and probably should have gone to relieve herself long before she even got started on this tangent. After all, she knew what she was getting into, and that she would be talking for a good while, but she decided she could handle it, because she wanted Aether’s full attention right away. Now that she has it, and now that she is so deep into her explanation, she is not going to stop any time soon.

Her bladder demands she does, though. It becomes difficult to concentrate, easy to lose her train of thought, which makes this take even longer than it should. If Aether is able to tell that something is wrong, he does not say anything, just listening to what she explains even as she begins rubbing her thighs together, willing to do anything that she can to keep herself under control, to help alleviate the pressure of her growing need.

Yanfei is pushing herself really hard right now, and that is saying something, considering the situations she has had to hold it through before. That might be part of it; she is used to getting carried away or getting too busy to take care of her basic needs, and pushing herself until she is already at her limit, but she always manages to make it, even in those precarious situations. That thought helps her justify holding it right now, when it would be every bit as easy to excuse herself and take a brief break to take care of this, knowing that Aether would be waiting for her when she got back.

She just can’t bring herself to stop, not when she wants to keep going, not when he is listening with such rapt attention. Yanfei wants to hold onto his attention no matter what, her legs trembling beneath her as she fights her growing need. Her bladder pulses and throbs, and she bites her lip between words to try and distract from that pain, but nothing she does can make her forget it now. She is getting too close to her limit, her body sending out all these warning signs, letting her know that her bladder is not going to be able to hold out for much longer at all.

If Yanfei does not stop soon, she is going to wet herself, but she is almost at the end of this part of her story. Maybe then she can excuse taking a little break, and then getting right back into it, starting into the next phase, brainstorming where she can take the case from here. That sounds like a good idea, and that means that she just has to hold it for a little bit longer before she can seek relief. She just has to hold it for a little bit longer, but a sharp pang from her bladder sees her gasping, a hand darting between her legs to hold herself, and even that is not enough to stop her from leaking a little bit.

Yanfei is cutting it close, and now Aether is staring at her hand between her legs. “Don’t worry about that,” she says, the strain in her voice obvious. “Just let me finish what I’m…what I’m…”

“But, Yanfei, you’re-” he starts, but he falls silent once he realizes that it is already too late for her. Her eyes widen in horror when this leak turns out to be a lot more than that, when she realizes that there is nothing she can do to stop it. Her story is forgotten, her ideas are forgotten, because Yanfei has finally pushed herself too far, and now, she is wetting herself in front of Aether.

It does not take long for her stream of piss to completely soak through her shorts, creating a stain on them, before running down both of her legs. She moves her hand, but it is already wet, and that just gives Aether a better view, as a steady, strong jet of urine gushes out of her, both running down her legs and spraying down to the ground beneath her, creating a puddle at her feet. She has no one but herself to blame for this, and yet, even her humiliation takes second place to her relief, so great right now, that she can almost forget Aether is watching, that she made sure she had his full attention before this happened to her.

And all Aether can do is watch in amazement as Yanfei pisses herself right in front of him, without any real warning. Perhaps there had been some hints in her body language, but he had been too caught up in her explanations to pay attention to that until she was already at her limit. Now, he sort of wishes he had noticed sooner, so that he might have been able to help her.

Or perhaps he just wanted to pay attention to her squirming, to the way she fought to hold it. Right now, there is no denying his excitement, as he watches her stream trickle to a stop.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*004*2021-08-31 20:52

A/N; Skipping ahead to post Mona today since it is actually her birthday, then will get back on track with Amber and Ningguang

At all times, Mona refuses to show any sort of weakness around Aether. She wants to appear to him as the great astrologist that she always tries to be, wants him to think of her as someone amazing and strong, someone worth looking up to. In her eyes, these are always tasks of the utmost importance, but to most people, Aether included, it would probably just seem silly, like she was taking it all far too seriously. Whatever the case, when they spend time together, she does what she can to maintain these appearances.

Which means that it is not easy to deal with such basic needs, things that she feels she should be above, but things that she will never be able to escape, no matter how hard she tries. Namely, her troublesome bladder, and the fact that she almost always finds herself needing to pee at some point when they are spending time together. But she never wants to excuse herself for that, and always worries that he will ask where she is going if she tries to be vague in her excuses.

More often than not, she is bursting and barely makes it by the time that their time together has reached its end. Often, she will wait for a chance where she can slip away, but that never happens. Even so, as long as she makes it in the end, she refuses to see it as a problem. But there comes a day when things are much worse than she is used to.

Things have been going on for way too long, and her need is getting out of control, when she knows that they are still going to be together for quite a while. Normally, it does not get this bad until she knows that they are about to say their goodbyes for the day, but right now, it takes all of her self-control not to squirm around in place to try and alleviate the pressure that is building up in her. She has to go pretty badly, and is going to have to find some chance to get away.

Just like always, she finds herself waiting for the perfect opportunity, such as Aether excusing himself first, but waiting for that does not do her any good when her own need is getting worse by the second. She will not, cannot, admit to the fact that she needs to pee right now, no matter how bad it gets. Even if she is at the point where she can no longer resist squirming, even when Aether keeps looking over to her, nearly catching her in these acts of desperation.

“Is everything alright?” he asks her, more than once, and every time, rather than taking her chance, she brushes him off, finding it so amusing he would ever think she had any sort of problem.

The more she puts it off, the more humiliated she feels at the idea of admitting that she needs to pee.

And so things carry on, with her getting worse and worse, and Aether never giving her the chance that she needs, always sticking close by her. If only she could just admit to it, but every time she tries to get up the nerve, she fails, and that just makes it that much harder for her to get up the nerve next time. If she had just gone from the start, or if she had not built up such a complex for herself, she would not be in this situation to begin with, but here she is, feeling as though she could lose control at any moment.

All she wants to do is make sure that she fights that impulse to the end, but her body is not going to last forever. When she feels a small bit leak out, she knows that she is already doomed; there is only so much she can leak before her outfit starts to show it, and the leaks mean that she has officially reached the point that her body is not going to be able to contain this much longer. At this point, the only thing she can do is speak up, and deal with that shame, rather than the shame of pissing herself.

Except by the time she opens her mouth to actually say something about it, it is already too late for her. All that escapes is a strangled whimper, and then she is pissing herself full force, right in front of Aether. He stares right at her, the expression on his face not quite as shocked as she would have expected, but she does not really have time to think about the look on his face right now, when she is humiliating herself so thoroughly. It goes on for what seems like forever, her bladder having quite a lot to empty out after forcing herself to hold it back for so long.

Tears spring up in her eyes as she finally gives up on the strain of holding back, relaxing and letting the relief and humiliation take hold of her. More than likely, there is nothing she will be able to do to redeem herself in Aether’s eyes now, so she might as well accept that quickly. By the time her bladder has actually finished emptying, there is a sizable puddle left at her feet, her clothing completely soaked through, with no way for her to hide from anyone what has just happened to her.

“Well, go on!” she finally says, after an awkward silence. “Get your digs in at me now. I’m sure you’re just itching to mock me for such a…such a pathetic display!”

“Not exactly,” Aether replies, “unless that’s what you wanted me to do? I’m still not sure how you figured out I was into this, but maybe you’re into that aspect, in which case, I can definitely come up with plenty of ways to tease you.”

He says it all so casually that at first, none of it sinks in. Mona just gawks at him, trying to process his words, and in the end, all she can do is cry out, “What?!”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*005*2021-09-01 17:38

A/N: This one is more sexually charged, has Amber wetting but also Amber drinking Aether's piss so be warned

After finding out just how into this Aether is, Amber wants to keep exploring this interest. After all, not only is he into it, but she has developed quite an interest in it as a result. And it gives them a chance to be competitive about something, which the young couple always takes advantage of, always eager to find something new to compete over, to see who will win between the two of them.

This time, their contest hinges on their newfound interest in pee. The two of them are both going to hold it for as long as they possibly can, and the first one to lose control loses the contest, and has to drink the piss of the winner. Truth be told, whether they win or lose, both are going to have a lot of fun, but they obviously both want to win, just for the sake of their own pride. With both bladders full to bursting, it is only a matter of time before one of them gives in, but neither wants to be the one to go out first, no matter what it takes to keep holding on.

Amber squirms where she stands, trying to hide just how bad off she already is, but there is not much she can do about that now, not without sacrificing her ability to hold it, and ending up in an even worse situation. Humiliation aside, she has to do whatever she can to keep her bladder in check, at least longer than Aether. She feels like she could lose control at any moment, and has no choice but to jam a hand between her legs, holding herself as she writhes, trying to keep it in, just for a little while longer.

Aether is not doing much better than her, but he still smirks at her to see the way she starts obviously showing just how bad off she is. He has not resorted to holding himself yet, but he has no choice but to squirm in place, biting his lip and fighting against his bursting bladder. Amber is looking like she might cave any second now, so that is more motivation for him to keep fighting this, all the way until the end. If she gives in soon, then he will be able to make it, no questions asked.

The only problem is that he might not be able to last as long as her. All he can do is keep squirming in place, hoping that his willpower will be enough to let him outlast her. At the same time, while she holds herself and begins to fret about the state that she is in, she internally pleads with herself, willing to do whatever it takes in order to make sure that she is able to hold it a little bit longer, just long enough to make Aether drink the contents of her bladder.

Unfortunately for her, there is nothing she can do to stop it, once her body gives in. She does try to fight it, crying out and clamping down, catching Aether’s attention in the process, but she does not even spare him a glance, not wanting to distract herself with that smug look of victory that she is sure is already on his face. She just wants to try and stop this leak before it turns into something more, but it is quickly evident that the slight spurt is growing, that she is not able to stop herself from leaking. Amber is completely done, as her bladder finally gives up on her.

All at once, it begins rushing out of her, and that is all she can do. She drops her hand as she begins to soak through her shorts, a large wet spot forming and spreading, until it is running down her legs and tall boots, and forming a puddle on the ground beneath her. Just like that, it is all over, and though she is certain that Aether would not have lasted much longer himself, that really does not matter now that it is all said and done. Whether it was a close victory or not, victory is still his, and she knows that, now that her bladder is blissfully empty, she has to pay the penalty.

So why is she so excited about that?

“Better hurry up and get on your knees,” Aether says, strain clear in his voice. “Or else I won’t be able to claim my prize and you’ll have to wait until I have to piss again before we can do this.” So he is planning to collect even if he loses control and pisses himself. Amber wants it, but even if she didn’t, forcing him to wet himself by taking too long would do her no good, making it better to get on her knees and get it over with.

It does not really feel like getting it over with right now, though, because she wants it so badly. Getting on her knees in front of him, she watches with anticipation as he frees his cock, parting her lips for him so that she is ready to take it between her lips. There is no denying the fact that she is getting all turned on over this. Aether is squirming, barely keeping it together, but as she opens her mouth, he puts the tip between her lips, just in the nick of time.

As he lets go with a sigh, Amber can’t help her moan, swallowing down every drop of piss that flows into her mouth. She is sure that she must look horribly pathetic, on her knees and drinking his piss while soaked in her own, but that thought only serves to further turn her on. She enjoys losing just as much as she enjoys winning, something that she knows Aether shares. Even though they are both happy either way, they still have to carry out these contests to the end; otherwise, it would not be nearly as much fun to carry out a penalty, or claim a prize.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*006*2021-09-03 16:38

A/N: Ningguang is similar to the Lisa one with piss drinking. It'll be until the next Genshin gal's birthday before i have another one of these stories

Lately, Aether has become more like Ningguang’s assistant, not that he minds this position at all. After all, he wants to be close to her and to understand what her daily life entails, and if he is going to spend so much time involved with her various affairs, it only makes sense that he should start taking part in them, helping her in whatever way that he can. The two of them make for a good team, or at least that is what she tells him at the end of each day, but they both know that they are much more than just a good team.

She is a very busy woman, so spending time with her like this hardly counts as spending time with her, and yet, he enjoys every second that they are able to spend together, even when he is just left off to the side, watching her conduct her business, and then assisting her with menial tasks that he can handle with ease. Simply being with her is more than enough for him, especially when the day is done, and they do manage to get real time alone together. At that point, she always makes sure to reward him for his hard work, the only payment that he could ever ask for when it comes to this job.

One day, however, things are a bit busier than normal, and Ningguang is not having an easy time of things. He does not realize it at first, because she is so composed, but she is definitely struggling. She is able to keep herself under control, no matter how bad it gets, but she knows that she is going to have to do something about it eventually, or else things could get really bad for her.

Even when she has a lull in meetings, she really does not have the time she would need to leave for a bathroom break. Any usable facilities are a good distance from her, and today is such a busy day that taking the time to go would certainly lead to her being late, coming back to find her next meeting waiting for her. She would rather avoid something like that, which means that it is a good thing she has Aether here to help her out.

As soon as the two of them are alone, she is ready to request his aid. Her bladder is aching terribly now, and though she is very good at keeping that to herself, it does not change the fact that she is bursting, and that she is not sure how much longer she is going to be able to hold out like this. Though the two of them have never done anything like this before, she has no doubt that Aether will be more than willing to do it, knowing the way he jumps at any chance to assist her.

“Get beneath my desk,” she orders him, not even showing any strain in her voice.

“Do we have time for something like that?” he asks.

“I wasn’t asking for that, actually,” she replies, her voice cool and collected, showing nothing but pure confidence as she admits to her predicament. “I desperately need to relieve myself, and I don’t want to be late to my next meeting. Please get under my desk and help me take care of that, so I don’t have to leave the room. Oh, and quickly, as well…we don’t want to get caught doing something like that.”

Aether’s eyes widen as he realizes what she is saying, but he is definitely going to go through with it, and make sure that he does what she says. His heart races, realizing all at once just how into that he really is, and he wastes no time in getting under her desk, doing just as she says. He has done this plenty of times before, but always to eat her out, pleasuring her and helping her relax while she works. Still, it is easy to get her clothing out of the way when he has that kind of practice, and then his mouth is in place, ready to drink down every last drop that she gives him, ready to make sure that his lover feels all better.

He could not have gotten into position soon enough; Ningguang, is at her limit now, and absolutely has to give into it all. With a sigh, she begins to relax, letting her piss flow out of her, directly into Aether’s waiting mouth. She does what she can to control the stream, since there is so much of it, but with how desperate she had been, there is only so much she can do, needing to empty out as much as she can, as quickly as she can.

Aether, however, is not deterred by any of this, and does not let this throw him off at all. He does his best to make sure he swallows it all, not wanting to let a single drop spill. What does spill only drips down his chin, not making a noticeable mess, and so, Ningguang is able to steadily empty her bladder. Once she reaches a certain point, she is able to slow her stream down enough to make sure that it is not more than Aether can handle, and once she is completely empty, the relief is like nothing she has ever felt before in her life.

As for Aether, he is left shaking in his arousal, quickly getting her clothing back into place so that he can emerge from beneath her desk, just in nick of time. It is fortunate that he is barely seen as anything more than part of the decor, because at least like this, he can blend into the walls as he tries to keep his arousal in check. All the while, Ningguang is very much aware of how excited he is, and barely able to contain her own excitement. Tonight, she will have to be sure to reward him appropriately for all of his hard work.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*008*2021-09-28 15:32

A/N: Happy birthday Ayaka

Aether was at least vaguely aware how long this would take ahead of time, but he is still surprised that Ayaka is able to go through such a lengthy ceremony so flawlessly, not showing any sign of being tired or wanting to stop. He is also pretty impressed that she is able to make it feel so…well, not boring, because, truth be told, he had been very worried that he would end up bored by the end of it, and yet that is not the case at all. Which is very good, because he wants to give her his utmost attention, when he knows that she is sharing something so important with him.

As for Ayaka, she honestly wishes that this were over already, even though she knows that she can’t rush something like this. She knows that she can’t rush it, but she wants to, or at least wants the ability to turn back time and do a few things differently. After spending so much time practicing before Aether got here, all because she wanted to make sure it was perfect for him, she did not think to visit the bathroom, and a lengthy tea ceremony like this is absolute torture for her when she has to pee, and knows that she can’t take a break.

Even sitting still is hard right now, but she knows the slightest movement might throw things off, might alert him to what the problem is, and she does not want that. It’s just that she isn’t sure if she will actually be able to wait until the very end. The tea she sampled before this began has more than made its way through her, and the pouring she has to perform now is torture on her already tormented bladder. Ayaka is pushed far beyond what she should be able to endure, and can’t believe that she actually let something like this happen to her.

She is always careful about this, has always been careful about it. It’s not as if she never realized the risk of something like this happening, so she always made sure that she was well prepared in every regard. She could comfort herself with the fact that this is not anything official, but that doesn’t do much when she cares about Aether’s opinion as much as anyone else’s, perhaps even more.

She wanted to share something important with him, and now, she can’t very well excuse herself. Even if he is not familiar with tea ceremony, he would probably figure out something was up with her taking a break out of nowhere, and that thought is too embarrassing for her to deal with. She has waited so long for this friendship, and the last thing she wants to do is embarrass herself in front of him, and potentially ruin what it is that she has been striving for. So she just has to hold it, even though she can hardly sit still, even though her bladder aches so much it makes her feel sick.

What is she going to do? There is still so much to see this ceremony through to the end, and she can’t ask for a break or try and cut things short, she just can’t. She wants everything to be perfect for Aether, but she needs to pee right now, and is just trying to not let the panic show on her face when she feels a bit of a leak escape her, trying to maintain composed even as the liquid soaks into her panties.

A few more of those and she is not going to be able to conceal the evidence of her loss of control. A few more of those and she might not be able to stop them, they might not just be leaks anymore, and she will completely humiliate herself after finally finding another close friend. She is going to ruin everything with Aether no matter what she does, and the stress is so great now that she can’t focus. Her hands are shaking, she has forgotten what comes next, and he is just patiently staring at her, waiting for her to do something, not realizing yet what she has accidentally brought on herself.

Ayaka wants to keep fighting, wants to appear perfect, and she can’t. Not anymore. It’s already too late for her, and before she can even make her excuses and flee, she has already lost control, sitting right in front of him. As she loses control of her bladder, all she can do is look down at her lap, tears beginning to cloud her vision. Aether notices her slowing to a stop long before he notices what is happening to her.

“Ayaka, is something wrong?” he asks, cocking his head. He gives a soft gasp when he sees that she is crying, and starts, “Ayaka, what’s…” But he trails off as he notices the puddle spreading beneath her, as she finally gives into her bursting bladder. All at once, he realizes that she must have been struggling this whole time, and not saying anything for his sake. Now this has happened to her, and she is left completely humiliated, while he is left speechless.

Even once her bladder has emptied, Ayaka does not feel better. The relief is great, but also completely overshadowed by her humiliation, her absolute misery. Now everything is over and ruined, and Aether is never going to speak to her again. She can’t stop her tears from falling, her shoulders shaking as she begins to properly cry. It’s not as if it matters if she cries in front of him now; she has already disgraced herself enough, so what’s a little more?

She is so lost in her own tears that she does not notice him moving closer, until he is wrapping his arms around her, pulling her close, not seeming a bit worried about the mess she has made. She can’t understand this, not when she had been certain that he would be disgusted with her, but as he pulls her in to comfort her, she realizes that she must have misjudged him. He is a true friend, the sort who would not be put off by such a thing.

Perhaps, then, she should have just taken a break, but it’s too late now to do anything about that. Instead, she can just be relieved that he only wants to make her feel better. And, at the same time, Aether can be relieved that Ayaka has not yet noticed how turned on he is by all of this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

