Peecember 2020- Oops! All Pokemon

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2020-11-29 20:56

So, these are gonna be daily things starting on December first! Each fic is going to follow a similar theme of a desperate Pokemon character, alternating male and female, sometimes with ships, often on brand for me. Some fics will include incestuous themes or subtext, or age gappy things, so heed the warnings. Anyway, here is my planned order!

1. Red (will include some twincesty thoughts from Leaf)

2. Janine (will include some incesty thoughts regarding Koga)

3. Falkner

4. Gloria (age gap with Leon)

5. Ethan

6. Moon (incest-themed roleplay with Kiawe)

7. Roark

8. Acerola (age gap with Nanu)

9. Hilbert

10. Serena (age gap with Diantha)

11. Ilima

12. Rosa (age gap with Brycen)

13. Calem

14. Lisia (incestuous relationship with Wallace)

15. Wallace

16. Hilda

17. Clemont

18. Dawn

19. Sun (relationship undecided so potential for age gap but probably not)

20. Jasmine (age gap with Bruno)

21. Hop

22. May (age gap with Tucker)

23. Victor (age gap with Klara)

24. Kris

25. Grimsley

26. Bonnie (incestuous relationship with Clemont or just incesty thoughts, undecided)

27. Grant

28. Lyra (age gap with Petrel and Lance)

29. Undecided, was thinking Molayne but I don't have a set in stone idea just yet

30. Leaf

31. Piers and my SwSh OC, some mutual desperation to warm my heart

See y'all December 1st!

*004*2020-11-30 14:48

Sorry to the suggestions so far, but the 1th has to be a dude to keep the balance even! Marnie and Lillie are both not off the table for future projects, but the didn't make it into this one cos I was doing it pretty much based on my own waifusbando list

*007*2020-12-01 12:42

A/N: Day one, Red, with his twin sister Leaf

Leaf wants to tell her brother that they can stop any time, that he doesn’t need to act so shy around her, but she knows that this isn’t just about her. This path is pretty busy for what they are used to, with so many other trainers stopping them to challenge them to battles. That must be why Red isn’t saying anything, even though his discomfort is becoming increasingly more obvious to her. Not only are there people around to make it more difficult for him to speak, but he also runs the risk of running into someone when he wanders off the path. If he isn’t completely alone, he probably won’t be able to do it.

But Leaf really wishes that she could just tell him that they can stop without embarrassing him, and that he could go behind a tree and be done with it, because she has no idea how much longer it will be until they reach the next town, and no idea if he is going to be able to make it that long. If she can tell that her twin brother needs to pee, then it is probably getting bad for him, and she definitely feels bad for him.

She can’t deny that there is a part of her that finds the idea a little exciting, though she has no idea where that idea came from. Her lust for her twin is nothing new, even if she has not gone so far as to actually tell him that she has feelings for him that are not quite befitting a sibling relationship, but she has never really thought about watching him suffer as particularly sexy. And it’s not as if she is into the idea of him suffering or being in pain or not being able to pee because he doesn’t want to have to do that when he can’t be guaranteed complete privacy, but still, there is that nagging ache between her legs that makes her think some part of this is appealing.

Probably just his desperation, which is still plenty weird, but she pushes it to the back of her mind, deciding to think about that later. It probably isn’t too weird to be into something like that, especially in comparison with falling in love with her twin brother, but even so, right now is not about her. She is more worried about the state Red is in, the way his face is flushed, the look of utter misery in his eyes. As his sister, she can see these subtle changes that others might not be able to, but even she has a hard time reading him sometimes, and that is why she knows that this must be getting pretty bad for him.

Battle after battle, the twins are delayed even more on their way, and she can see the way he struggles to maintain his composure while battling. For the most part, Leaf is just traveling to be out here with him, exploring on her own terms, not as dedicating to battling as he is, so when it isn’t a double battle, Red likes to handle things for her, wanting as much experience as he can get. Today, though it isn’t much, Leaf decides to help him by offering to take on the challengers along the road.

“…thanks,” he says, in a small voice. He is blushing, so he must know that she knows, even if she is trying to be nice by not saying anything. It can’t be much further now, but each time she is stopped to battle with someone, she feels terrible for Red standing back and watching, especially when one of her opponents happens to bring out a water type.

Eventually, though, the crowd begins to thin, until it has been quite some time since either of them have seen another trainer. She expects Red to take this opportunity to excuse himself and go off the path, but he continues to walk forward, hands jammed in his pocket, head hanging low so that she can’t even see the look in his eyes anymore. How bad is it getting now? Why isn’t he doing anything about it?

She starts to speak up, unable to handle it anymore. “Red, why don’t-”

“I don’t know,” he says, and she wants to ask what he means by that. He should be the only one to know why he’s making it difficult on himself. “If there’s anyone else…” he finishes, and then she understands. He is still worried that they might bump into more trainers, that he won’t have privacy. But in a situation this critical, that should be the least of his concerns! There isn’t anyone that either of them can see, so he should just go for it, so that he doesn’t have to be in pain anymore!

“Come on, Red, you know I can guard for you,” she says, trying to ignore the way that idea excites her as well. Standing nearby, listening to her desperate brother empty his bladder, his lone protector…she tries to keep herself from shuddering.

“Just don’t…ah!” Before he can finish his sentence, he groans, and looks briefly panicked.

“Red, are you alright?”

“It’s nothing.” But it isn’t nothing, because Red has stopped walking, frozen in place. Leaf can see the look of sheer distress on his face, and then her eyes drift down slowly, and she sees it, right on the front of his jeans. It’s small, but it’s a darker spot that wasn’t there before, and it is clear that Red has no time left.

“Go on, just hurry! You won’t make it if you don’t hurry,” she urges him, and fortunately, he seems to take her advice to heart this time. He starts to move, starts to turn, but then he is stuck again, freezing up.

“Can’t,” he mumbles, and puts a hand between his legs, grabbing at himself, willing to do anything to stop this, except, apparently, just go .

“Red, you have to! Don’t be stupid, you’re not going to make it anywhere else at this rate, so what does it matter if you might run into someone?” she snaps, hardly able to believe that he is actually being this stupid. But Red shakes his head and looks up at her with the most pitiful expression that she has ever seen on his face.

“No, I mean, I can’t…” He trails off, and she can see it then, spreading out from where his hand is, spreading down his leg, the dark patch expanding as he loses control once and for all, wetting himself right where he stands. “Move…”

Leaf finds that she can’t move either, forced to stand stock still, helpless while she watches her twin brother pisses himself, having pushed himself to his limit. She feels terrible for him, because she knows that this was not something he could help, that he was never going to be comfortable enough to take care of things in the situation that they were in. And that sick part of her that finds this arousing is still there, in the back of her mind, overshadowed by the part of her that feels terrible for her brother.

When she is able to move again, Red has his head hung low, his hand no longer between his legs, his pants visibly soaked. She wastes no time in pulling him into a tight hug, and all he can say is, “Leaf…”

“Don’t worry about,” she says. “Don’t worry about it, Red. We can get you cleaned up in no time.” She has more that she wants to say, more to comfort him, but she holds her tongue, and settles on just holding him . Red relaxes when she hugs him, and she does not need words to make him feel better. Soon enough, she is able to get him off the path, where she sets up camp early so that he can change clothes in privacy, and she washes his soaked clothes so that he doesn’t have to worry about it.

And maybe allows herself to indulge just a little bit, when she is alone with his wet pants and underwear. She plans to tell him about this eventually, but not until after she has made the rest of her feelings clear to him.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*008*2020-12-02 13:54

A/N: Day two is Janine, but she also has a crush on her dad because I am a simple being.

It has been a long day of training, and Janine can hardly believe that it isn’t over yet. She knows that her father’s training is intense, and he warned her beforehand that this would be a lot more than what she is used to, but she still insisted on doing things the way that he does, because she wanted to prove to him that she was capable of handling it, that she is grown up enough for it now.

Instead, she is seriously regretting her decision, but too nervous to tell him that she needs a break. She has made it so far, and after begging him to do this, trying to get him to take her more seriously, she does not want him to have second thoughts about her. Janine wants to impress her father, the man that she admires most in the world, the man that she loves just a little too much for it to still be considered familial.

But she has had to pee for what feels like hours now, and they are still training, only just now getting into training their Pokemon. All day, so far, they have focused on their ninja techniques, and now it is time to for their Pokemon, but she is already ready to call it a day, wondering how he manages to go so long without taking a single break. He wasn’t kidding about his training being a lot more intense than what she is used to, but she wishes that he had at least warned her that there would not be one single break.

Not that she is going to say anything to him, no matter how bad it gets. This is all about proving herself to him, and that means that she just has to hold it, all the way until the end. She is Koga’s daughter, so she should be able to handle that, no problem, and no questions asked. Even if she has been holding it for hours, she should still be able to hold it for several more hours, for as long as she has to. She is a ninja, and she is going to be a gym leader someday, so these sorts of skills are necessary.

It sure is hard to focus on their sparring in this state, though. She keeps losing her train of thought as she is reminded of the sharp pangs from her bladder, and she is starting to make stupid mistakes, and if she keeps that up, Koga is going to figure out the problem, or at the very least, he is going to scold her for being so careless. She definitely doesn’t want to be scolded during such an important training session.

Her bladder aches from how full it is and even the slightest movement makes her feel like she is going to lose control, though she never does, always managing to hold back. That is how it should be; she can hold it, no matter what obstacles are thrown her way. That is what Janine keeps telling herself, even as she finds herself squirming in place more and more often, biting her lip whenever she thinks that her father won’t notice.

“Janine, is something distracting you?” he asks suddenly, snapping her out of her thoughts. Perhaps she is not being as subtle as she thinks she is.

With her thighs pressed tightly together, she forces herself to stand still as she says, “No, nothing!”

“Are you sure? It seems as though there is something bothering you,” he replies, giving her a long look. She feels like she is sweating under his gaze, like he can see right through her. Koga is a very perceptive man, after all, and he knows her better than anyone else in the world. She still thinks that it is a miracle that he has not yet figured out that she sees him as so much more than just her father, a secret that she knows she always has to keep to herself.

“Not at all!” Janine insists.

“Perhaps it is time that we take a break,” he muses, and she can feel premature relief setting in. “It has been several hours since we started, and I think our Pokemon could use a break from their training as well.” That seems like a strange reason, since they have not been using them for very long, but she decides not to question it, because she really feels like she could burst at any moment.

“Sounds good, I’ll, um…I’ll be right back!” she says, and she is quick to turn to head inside. The only problem is that she can’t go nearly as fast as she would like to. Janine sprints only a few steps before she feels a leak, and her heart feels like it stops, before pounding full force, as the spurt soaks into her panties. She definitely has to slow down, but walking slowly just makes her feel like she isn’t going to make it.

No matter what she does, she isn’t sure if she can do this. The realization hits her hard, and she wills herself to keep going, to keep holding back, to get away from her father so that he at least doesn’t see what she knows she can no longer avoid. All of it is no use, though. She takes step after step, and leaks more and more, until she knows that she has soaked through onto her clothes, and then there comes a leak that she isn’t able to stop, not even when she shoves her hands between her legs, holding herself to try and keep it under control.

There is nothing she can do to stop it. Janine falls to her knees at the same time that her bladder gives out, unable to do anything else, tears welling up in her eyes as the hot liquid pours out of her, soaking through her clothes and puddling around her until it is soaked up by the grass. She tries to keep from crying, but her father is behind her in an instant, and then she can’t stop herself, sobbing like a little girl. Kind of like how she just wet herself like a little girl would.

“Janine…” She feels his hand on her shoulder, but she refuses to look at him. “Janine, you do not need to cry. I thought you might need a break, but…why did you not ask earlier?”

“B-because…we were training together, and you didn’t take a break, so I thought I shouldn’t, because I wanted to…I wanted to…”

“You should never push yourself farther than you can handle, not when training. Pushing your limits is one thing, but this…” He kneels down in front of her, so she isn’t able to look away from him, even though she really wants to. “Janine, it’s alright.”

Koga hugs her to him then, and despite her distress, despite how much she wishes it were anyone other than him, she can’t help but relax into it. He is still her father, and he still has a comforting presence. She might never get over this humiliation, but when he holds her like this, that starts to seem like more of a possibility, and she can’t help but nuzzle closer to him.

“I’m sorry, I just really wanted to impress you.”

“You always impress me, Janine.” He pulls back to give her a reassuring smile, and she is sure that she is just imagining it, because she wants to see it, but it almost looks like he is a little flustered, blushing just a little bit. But that’s probably all in her head; despite her feelings, he will likely only ever see her as his little daughter.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*009*2020-12-03 13:36

{{On 11/30/2020 at 11:32 PM, Breloom said:

No Nessa or Sonia? Shame

In all serious, regarding a male character I think Raihan or Bede could be fun.

}}

Don't know how I didn't get notified for this message sooner. I wrote a longer fic about Sonia last year cos a friend commissioned me to, that's the only reason one of my top wives didn't make the list. Same with Shauntal, come to think of it. As for Nessa, my fiance had been planning to do something with her, so I was trying to avoid stepping on any toes there, but I don't know if he's still got those plans or not.

Raihan is definitely under consideration, since I accidentally fell head over heels for him. At this point, it's just a matter of who I get an idea for first, between Molayne, Nate, Dexio, and Raihan

*010*2020-12-03 13:59

A/N: Day 3 features Falkner and my actual battle strategy in his gym battle when I played HeartGold.

Falkner is just about to take a break from his training when Lyra walks in, eager to get very first gym battle underway. He has been working hard for a while now, so he knows that he should probably just go on while she is dealing with his gym trainers, but then, he is worried about how that might look. What if she gets there quickly and he somehow gets held up between here and the bathroom, and she has to wait for him?

He is trying his best to be the best gym leader that he can be, and he has a lot of concerns and insecurities that leave him worried every time a challenger shows up. Today, he already knows that he is going to stand right here, to create the perfect image of professionalism, while he waits for her to challenge him. Then, he will hopefully defeat her, but either way, he will not be going to the bathroom until this battle is done, no matter how badly he has to pee right now.

It’s nothing that he can’t manage, and he is confident in his ability to hold it by the time she reaches him, beaming. From what he can tell, she only has one Pokemon, her Chikorita. Already, he knows this is not going to be a long battle, not when he has more Pokemon than her, and a distinct advantage over her. This will take no time at all, and his trip to the bathroom will barely be delayed. All he has to do is ignore the throbbing of his bladder for just a little while longer, and that will be all there is to it.

Except that isn’t how things end up going at all. His attacks are super effective against the Chikorita, but she is a few levels about his own team, it seems, and strong enough to take some hits, and what’s more, Lyra came prepared. Per league rules, Falkner is not allowed to stay as stocked up on potions as the trainers are, but the trainers can throw as many potions as they want at their team, and it is all completely legal, which seems to be Lyra’s strategy.

That, and poisoning his Pokemon, and he does not have any antidotes or restores on hand today, just his luck. It is immediately obvious what she is trying to do: a battle of attrition. If he fails to faint her Chikorita, she will just keep healing up every turn that it starts to look risky, and attack when she feels like she can, but either way, his Pokemon take damage because of the poison. It is a frustrating strategy, but not against the rules, so Falkner can’t say anything about it.

And maybe he might not be half as frustrated if he were not bursting to pee, but right now, time isn’t exactly on his side. The longer the battle drags on, the worse off he is, and by the time she has used her tactics to faint his first Pokemon, he is standing with his legs together, trembling and trying to ignore the pain from his bladder. It has already been way too long, and they are still not done yet, and her bag looks like it is positively overflowing with potions right now.

Until he manages to knock her out with one shot, she can just keep coming back from it, and just keep prolonging the battle, and prolonging his visit to the bathroom. Falkner can feel tears threatening to well up just from how bad it is getting, his fists clenched tight at his side and his toes curling in his shoes. It takes all that he has not to put a hand between his legs to grab himself, to start holding himself like a desperate child, because he has never had to pee this terribly in all his life.

Why didn’t he just go to the bathroom when he had the chance? His attempts at professionalism mean nothing when he is left on the verge of wetting himself in front of this oblivious challenger, who keeps chipping away at his Pokemon, taking her sweet time in defeating him, because she did not even attempt to assemble a team that could take him on in a real fight. She probably just rushed right here, so excited for her first battle that she never considered putting in real work. Her strategy is probably not even a strategy as much as it is something that she has come up with in the moment, to keep herself from losing.

Falkner is going to lose this battle, as well as the battle against his bladder. The first one is bad enough, but the second might be the worst, most humiliating thing that he can imagine, and he has no choice, not when the battle is going, not when he is right there on the edge, small dribbles leaking out every minute or so now. He isn’t going to make it, and no matter how tough of a front he may put on, that is not something that he can change or control.

But then Chikorita lands a critical hit. Somehow, despite the lack of effectiveness, Lyra’s Chikorita lands a critical hit, and when the poison kicks in again, Falkner has lost, and he should never be happy about a loss- he isn’t happy about this loss- but he just wants to go to the bathroom. He just doesn’t want to wet himself, not in front of this challenger, not when he has fought so hard. Standing stock still, he urges her forward to get her badge, not even trusting himself to move at this point.

She needs to just get out of here, and then he can hold himself as much as he wants as he hurries to the bathroom, but for now, he just needs her to take the badge from his hand and leave, before he…before he…

His bladder gives out right as Lyra takes the badge from his hand and he hisses and groans, startling her as he tries to fight it, tries to stop the stream before it can become too intense, but it is no use. Soon enough, she is looking down, watching in shock as a puddle grows at his feet, as he completely pisses himself, his bladder pushed beyond its limits, his body not able to handle anything else.

Falkner has never been so humiliated in his life. Not only did she defeat him in battle with only a Chikorita, but he could not even manage to hold his bladder through presenting her with her gym badge. It is all he can do to mumble his congratulations, and then his apologies, before he turns to flee, not sure if he is going to be able to accept anymore challenges today.

*011*2020-12-04 13:52

A/N: Leon gets lost on his way to meet up with his girlfriend, so Gloria is stuck waiting for him.

Gloria expected Leon to be late to meet up with her. He always is, at least a little bit late, because no matter how clear her directions are, he manages to get turned around at some point, and it takes him quite a while to get things figured out and find his way to her. She is used to him being late, but he is running seriously late today, and she really wishes that he would hurry it up, because things are not looking good for her.

The thing is, she has been waiting for him so long now that she does not want to leave their meeting spot. If she does, he might show up and get confused, and assume that he is in the wrong place because she is not there waiting for him. At this point, she has been waiting for so long that she has to see it through until the end, which is really unfortunate for her, because she has had to pee for a long time now, and it is finally getting to the point that she is not sure if she can keep managing it.

Leon needs to hurry up already, because otherwise, things are not going to end well for her, not at all. With her thighs pressed tight together, she bites her lip and tries to think about how close the nearest bathroom is. If he hurries up, she can dash there and take care of things, but if she were to hurry now, there is still no guarantee that she would be back before he showed up, because she honestly has no idea where he is right now, or how close he is. None of his descriptions have made any sense to her, making it that much harder for her to give him new directions, as well as making it hard to calculate when he will get here.

Groaning, she checks her phone again, as if looking at the time is going to do her any good. She is seriously at her limit, or at least close, and can’t remember having to pee this badly in her entire life. At the beginning, she thought about going, but still had that naive hope that he might not be too late this time, and by the time she realized that she had plenty of time, she had already passed into the point she is at now, too afraid to leave the spot in case he does finally find her.

At this point, she would even consider going off to a bush, but even that does not guarantee her the time she needs, and if she is close enough to see the meeting point, then Leon will definitely catch her in the act, and that is the absolute last thing that she wants to happen. It is going to be embarrassing enough, making a mad dash to the bathroom as soon as he shows up, but like hell she is going to let him catch her peeing in a bush.

Her boyfriend may be a complete idiot, but he is everything that she could ever want in a man, and it took a lot of effort to finally catch the eye of the handsome, older man. She doesn’t want to do anything to mess this up, and so, she just has to endure the pressure on her bladder, just has to endure until he finally gets here. He hasn’t stood her up; every time he gets lost, he sends her countless texts apologizing and promising that he will be there as soon as possible, so she is used to that part.

Gloria’s legs are shaking now, and she starts squirming in place, trying to do anything that she can to alleviate the pressure. Rubbing her thighs together and hopping from foot to foot help for a little while, but it is not long before even those do not help, and she is really starting to get worried. If Leon were to walk up and not find her here, or find her in a compromising situation, would that be worse than her wetting herself? She is pretty sure it wouldn’t, that wetting herself is the absolute worst possible outcome, but the realization comes to her too late.

As she starts to take a step forward, ready to find a bush and get it over with, she leaks. Her heart races as she forces it to stop before it can turn into anything more, but she knows that this means she is really at her limit. Another step, and she leaks again, her panties growing damper by the second, but if she can’t walk at all, then this really is hopeless for her, and she doesn’t want to accept defeat, not when she has made it so far.

Gloria jams her hands between her legs, knowing that this makes her look ridiculous, but doing anything she can to avoid fully wetting herself. Just as long as Leon does not see her like this, then nothing else matters. She takes a few shaky steps, knowing that it is going to be close, but she does not have to make it that much farther, just a little bit more, and then…

“I’m so sorry I’m late!” Leon cries out, and she freezes up, dropping her hands at once. “Gloria? What’s up?” He definitely saw what she was doing, but she can’t bring herself to turn around and face him, can’t bring herself to move at all. There are no words to describe her panic, especially as she hears his footsteps, growing closer and closer to her, until he is right there next to her.

“Gloria, did you hear me? Is something wrong?” he asks. She needs to get away from him, she needs to make sure that he doesn’t look at her, at the very least, but she can’t move at all, and she can’t even speak, and then it is all over for her. It all comes gushing out of her at once, soaking through her panties with ease, running down her legs, and Leon keeps trying to get her attention, until he finally notices that his girlfriend is pissing herself right in front of him.

“Oh, was that…was that the problem?” he asks, in a soft voice, and she nods weakly, tears running down her cheeks. As soon as he realizes this, he says, “Whoa, no, don’t cry! I’m really sorry, I should have gotten here sooner, I should have…” To her surprise, he does not turn away from her or mock her or dump her. Instead, he pulls her into a hug, not seeming to mind the fact that she is still peeing full force, holding her even as she tries to get away.

“No, none of that, Gloria,” he says, hugging her tighter. “It’s alright, and you’re going to let me hold you until you stop crying, alright?”

“You’re going to get wet,” she mumbles, and he laughs.

“That’s just fine by me, as long as I can make you feel better. Maybe that can be my punishment for being so late,” he replies. Gloria can hardly believe that he is taking this so well, but then, Leon has always been a kind person. Maybe it was stupid of her to worry about his reaction, maybe it was stupid of her to worry about anything. It was definitely stupid of her to let it get to this point, but even when she feels like an idiot, she feels worlds better having her own idiot hugging her close.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*012*2020-12-05 16:53

A/N: Ethan gets his turn today

It would be way too embarrassing to ask her to stop just so that he can run off behind a tree. Ethan is sure of that, and even though he knows it would be a lot more embarrassing if he were not able to make it, he doubts that is going to come to that. He is going to be just fine, as long as they make it to the next town before too long. It is not often that he runs into Lyra on the road, and even less often that they are going to the same place, and are able to travel together, and he really does not want to ruin it by embarrassing himself like that.

Ethan is used to being on the road, and used to not having bathrooms readily available, and it’s not like peeing outside is that big of a deal to him. It is only an issue because Lyra is at his side, and he wants to look good in front of his neighbor and long time crush, and he worries that she might think it’s gross for him to do something like that while the two of them are walking together.

He has been on the road for hours now, and was just thinking about stopping to take care of that growing need when he had run into her. For a little while, he was able to forget about it, but now that they have been walking for even longer, it is really hard for him to push it out of his mind, the need becoming that much more persistent, as his bladder decides to protest every little step that he takes.

But Ethan is going to be just fine, and he knows that. It may feel bad, but he is just overly aware of it right now. If he had something to distract him, he would probably not notice it at all, and it would not be a big deal for him. And before long, they are going to be at a Pokemon Center, where it will not be weird for him to dash to the bathroom, and maybe then Lyra might want to spend even more time with him, and they might be able to go out for a bit, and he might be able to count it as a date, or maybe even actually get up the nerve to ask her on a date…

If only thinking about that sort of thing could help distract him from the pressure in his bladder. Even talking to her does not do much to offer a distraction anymore, though, and he wishes that there were something else to distract him, because he is certain things would not be as bad, if he just had some way to keep himself from thinking about how he feels like he might leak with every step, like he is really pushing his limits here.

Negative thinking like that only makes it worse, and he knows that, but…gritting his teeth, he tries to push those thoughts away. It may still be a while yet, but he knows that he is going to make it, that there is no way he’s not going to make it. He isn’t a kid anymore, after all, and Lyra is right here next to him. Ethan would never embarrass himself that much in front of her, and if he’s going to look good in front of her, then he needs to make sure that she never even guesses at the fact that he has to pee.

“Ethan, you seem out of it,” she says, snapping him out of his thoughts. “Is something wrong?”

“Huh? Not at all, why would you say that?” he asks, giving a laugh that probably sounds forced to her. She doesn’t look convinced, and when she is looking at him so intently, it’s really hard to keep a smile on his face, to keep his legs from trembling as he resists the urge to squeeze his thighs together. He really, really needs to find a bathroom soon, but there isn’t one around and they still have a ways to go, and Lyra is starting to figure him out.

“You just seem like something is bothering you. If you need to stop for a little while, we don’t have to keep going right away,” she suggests, but that is the worst idea right now. He doesn’t need to delay this anymore, and he is quick to protest.

“No! I mean, um…I’m good to keep going, so…” But Lyra stops then, and he has to force himself not to take off running without her, so desperate that he can hardly think straight.

“There’s definitely something up, Ethan. You can’t hide that from me,” she replies, giving him a long stare. He can’t hold still for long, not even under her gaze, not without losing control, and it isn’t long before he is squirming, just a little bit, hopefully subtly.

“I’m…really fine…”

“Ethan, do you need to pee?” she asks, barely sounding like she believes it even as she says it. And why would she believe it? He realizes how stupid he must look, fighting against it even though he is about to wet himself, and even though they are in an area with plenty of cover, if only he could make his excuses for himself.

“I…I just…I’m fine,” he lies, his knees buckling a bit as he feels a leak escape, soaking into his shorts. He is so far from fine right now. “It won’t be much longer now, so I…”

“Come on, you don’t have to wait till we get to the Pokemon Center,” she argues, and at this point, he knows that he isn’t going to make it that far anyway. And as much as he wanted to avoid this, the fact that she is able to figure him out so easily means that he has already lost out when it comes to looking cool in front of her. Now, he just needs to do whatever is necessary to not ruin things further by pissing himself in front of Lyra.

Except he can’t move. Ethan tries to take one single step forward, and his control slips so much that he has to go still again, legs tight together, as he tries to cut off the flow, losing a leak so powerful that it might show on his shorts, if they were a lighter color. If Lyra were to look closely, she would be able to tell that he is already losing it, and his eyes widen in terror.

“What is it?” she asks, but he doesn’t answer. What is he going to do? He can’t be at the end already, not when he was so close…not when he’s right in front of her. But he can’t move, and when he tries again, he looks down in horror, because this time, the leak that escapes is strong enough that it makes it past his shorts, and Lyra follows his gaze, to see it run down his leg.

“Ethan…?”

“Please don’t look at me,” he mumbles, just before he loses control completely. Lyra hesitates for a moment before turning around completely, but that doesn’t make that much of a difference. She saw enough, and she can hear it hissing out of him, and she knows, and everything is ruined now. Gone are his chances of getting a date with her today, or any day. Gone are his chances of having her look at him as anything other than the same little kid he was when they first met.

“Sorry,” he says, once his exhausted bladder is finally empty, once his shorts are completely soaked through. “You can just go on without me, I think I’m just gonna…just gonna set up camp out here so I can get all of this…” He realizes that his voice is breaking because he is trying not to cry; Lyra realizes this at about the same time, and turns back around without hesitation, and pulls him right up against her in a hug.

“Then I’m going to stay with you. Don’t be stupid, Ethan,” she says, and he can’t even think to protest as she hugs him tight. “You shouldn’t push yourself just for me.”

“But I just didn’t want you to…”

“You shouldn’t worry about things like that. I’m going to stay right here with you, so you can hurry up and get ready to get going again. Otherwise, we’re not gonna have any time for our date,” she replies, pulling back to give him a quick kiss on the cheek. Ethan is so stunned that it takes him a while to even understand what it is that she is saying.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*013*2020-12-06 16:12

A/N: Kiawe and Moon aren't related, but they roleplay like they are

Moon is always excited to go on dates like this with Kiawe. Her boyfriend is nineteen and she is fourteen, and though the age difference might raise more than a few eyebrows, it is just perfect for what they need. He is just the right age to be her older brother, even if some people might think that he is too old to be her boyfriend, and he loves having her as a little sister. When he takes her out, he spoils her just like she is his sister, and the two of them play pretend, having the perfect brother-sister day out.

She loves it, and that’s why she doesn’t want to interrupt it for anything, not even a very pressing matter that only gets worse with time. Kiawe spoils her so relentlessly, letting her have whatever she wants, and maybe she should have been more careful about how much she had to drink, because now, she really needs to pee, but also really doesn’t want to say anything about it. Not only is she embarrassed, but she’s having too much fun to want to put a pause on it for any reason, even for a short amount of time.

It’s starting to get unbearable, though, as she and Kiawe pass through shops, and it is only when she decides she might be better off not pretending anymore, and actually looking for a bathroom, that she realizes she doesn’t actually see very many. They are in an area with a lot of small, touristy shops, so maybe it makes sense for there to be no public bathrooms, but what is she going to do now? She has no idea when this date is going to end, and has a feeling that she isn’t going to make it until the end, but she doesn’t want to tell Kiawe that, and have him disappointedly call the rest of the day off just so that he can get her to a bathroom.

“You’re really quiet, sis,” he says, snapping her out of her thoughts. He looks so blissful to be able to call her that, to be able to pretend like this, a complete contrast to how stoic he was when they first met. “Is everything alright?”

“Oh, yes!” she lies, trying to hide any signs of discomfort. “I’m having so much fun, big brother!” She never gets tired of the way that he grins when she calls him that, but it’s definitely not enough to distract her from the way her bladder is absolutely throbbing right now.

“I think we’ve seen about all there is to see here,” he says, “so do you want to move on? There was a really nice park near here, I thought you might like to walk there.”

“That sounds so great,” she replies, excited in more ways than one. There is a chance there might be a bathroom in the park, and that will solve her problems. She is past the point of pretending that she can get away with not going at all, ready to put that pause on their day, if only it means that she can finally pee, after holding back for so long. It hurts, and each step that she takes only adds to that pain, but she does what she can to try and keep Kiawe from figuring her out.

By the time she reaches the park, she feels like she might reach her limit at any moment. Her panties are a little bit damp from some leaks that she was not able to stop, so she knows that she is cutting it close. She wants to hope that she is close to relief, but it seems like no matter where she looks, it is all nature, with no sign of any buildings, and Kiawe has them walking at such a slow pace that they hardly make any progress.

Moon is not able to hold back a whimper, and immediately, Kiawe’s full attention is on her. “What’s wrong?” he asks, worried from the start. And when he sees just how tense she is, how much worse she has gotten since the last time that he really looked at her, there is no way for her to convince her that she’s doing just fine. “Moon, what is it? Are you sick? Is something wrong?”

“No, I just…I just…” She doesn’t want to tell him, but she has no choice. “I really…I need to pee, and…”

“Oh, uh…I guess I didn’t think about that when I planned all of this, but there really haven’t been very many bathrooms around,” he says, his tone sympathetic. “Do you think you can make it back home?”

Not a chance, but she wants to pretend like she can, even though she knows that will end disastrously. Except that disastrous ending is so close now that she can’t even pretend to try to fend it off, whimpering as she looks up at him, panicked and realizing that she is already far past the point of being able to stop this. Kiawe looks down at her, waiting for an answer, only for his eyes to widen once he sees the small, dark spot on her shorts beginning to spread out, as tears start to roll down her cheeks.

“Moon, are you…” He trails off, probably realizing that he does not need to finish that question. She wants to beg him not to look at her, but she just keeps crying as he stares, watching it run down her legs as the stream becomes more powerful. All the while, the relief is absolutely amazing, but it can’t be outweighed by the humiliation of something like this happening in front of Kiawe.

“I’m sorry,” she sniffs, once she is empty. “I ruined…I ruined the whole date…”

Kiawe pulls her tight against his chest then, squeezing her as he says, “No, you didn’t, it was…I mean…I should be the one apologizing. I’m a terrible big brother. I don’t know what got into me, I just…”

When he holds her like this, their bodies pressed together, she can feel something that she isn’t sure she is supposed to be able to feel. “Wait, what do you mean by that?”

“I knew that you…I could tell, but I didn’t say anything. It was so cute, I didn’t say anything,” he confesses, and she can feel her confusion growing. She feels like she should be mad at him for this, but somehow, anger never comes. “You just looked so cute, and then because of me, all of this happened. I’m so sorry, little sister.”

It is slowly dawning on her exactly what he means, and exactly just how much he enjoyed this incident, even if he is sorry about it. She should definitely be mad at him, but as she clings to him and lets herself be spoiled by her “big brother,” she starts to see the positive side to all of this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*014*2020-12-07 14:35

A/N: Roark day

Roark has such a bad habit of getting distracted when something really interests him. It has been a problem for all of his life, but he sometimes like to pretend that it has gotten better as he has grown. Sometimes he can even believe that, but when he is in the mines, there is no denying the fact that, once something has really caught his attention, there is no hope of anything else getting through to him.

Even if that something else has to do with his own body.

It has been a while since it has been this bad for him, at least. Today is just a big day for him, his first day free to spend as much time mining as he wants, when he feels like he might be on the verge of finding some never before seen fossils beneath the city. Roark is interested in mining from both a researcher’s standpoint and from a building standpoint, and while he works to fulfill his dream of creating a broad tunnel system, he is also on the hunt to further his fossil research.

Lately, the gym has kept him incredibly busy, so today is a very big day for him, and that is why he starts to slip into his old bad habits. There is so much going on around him that he barely notices what is going on within him, and ignores any signs that he might need to pee, despite the fact that he is keeping very well hydrated down her, and therefore filling his bladder quite a bit.

Roark remains oblivious to the slight twinges that start up at the beginning, and even manages to ignore when it starts to get a little worse, a few pangs here and there as his bladder tries to signal that it needs relief. It would not be the first time that something like this happened, and he has had plenty of close calls trying to get to a bathroom because he got so easily distracted. However, he has only had close calls in adulthood, and has not had a full-on accident since he was still a child.

Roark’s body reacts on its own, and he only starts to realize that he needs to pee when he notices his foot tapping while he is trying to stand still. Only then does he notices just how much his bladder aches, and he is surprised to feel such an intense urge coming on all at once. If he had been paying more attention, of course, he would have felt it building steadily, rather than thinking that it was all at once, but at this point, that is neither here nor there.

Now that Roark is aware of the fact that he has to pee, he wonder if he should head back out. He is pretty deep in here, so he should probably get started soon, but there is still a part of him that does not want to stop just yet, even if he knows he can always come right back. There is always the option of doing right here, since there is no one else around, but something about that just does not sit well with Roark. It feels not only lazy, but also disrespectful to the area.

So maybe it would be better for him to start heading back, as much as he hates to leave at all. At least he did not let things go too far, because once he starts walking, he can really tell just how bad it already is. Leaving is definitely the right idea, because otherwise, this is not going to end well. Roark is thankful that there is no one else down here with him, because he finds himself stumbling a bit as he walks.

Maybe it’s even worse than he originally realized, and maybe he needs to start hurrying. But when he tries to pick up the pace, he almost feels like he might leak, and has to slow down again. Like this, he can only hope that he is able to make it even going at his current pace. He can’t believe he managed to get that distracted, that his bladder got this full without him noticing at all.

A hand darts between his legs before he can stop himself, and though he wants to drop it, embarrassed by this, he thinks it might be a good idea to keep holding himself, at least until he is back out and has to pretend he is not on the verge of wetting himself. For now, though, he might really need this, and he groans to himself.

He manages to keep a steady pace right up until he feels a spurt escape him, and he stops short, gasping and tightening his hold on himself. This is no good, and he might not be able to stop holding himself without losing control completely, so if he goes back out, people are going to see him like this, and he doesn’t want to have to deal with that humiliation. And, at the same time, he knows wetting himself is an even worse humiliation, which only leaves one option, the main thing that he was trying to avoid doing.

But if he has no choice, then he has no choice. He’ll just have to piss in here- at this point, it is no longer out of laziness, even if it does still feel disrespectful. He just has to move his hand away so that he can undo his pants, and then…

Roark just moves his hand for a second, and immediately, he gasps and grabs at himself again, trying to stop another strong leak. But it isn’t enough, not anymore, and he has made his decision a bit too late for it to actually matter. Next thing he knows, he has his hands pressed against the cave wall for support as he slumps forward, whimpering as he pisses himself, his bladder unable to take it for even a moment longer, not even the time it would take to get his pants out of the way.

His gray pants are very quickly soaked through, as he makes a complete mess of himself. There is going to be no way for him to make it anywhere without someone seeing him and figuring out what happened. As his stream starts to slow to a stop, he wonders hopelessly if there is anything that he can do, only to turn around and see a very surprised young trainer standing behind him.

From the look on her face, it is pretty clear that she has seen everything. For a moment, they are both silent, before she finally speaks up to say, “U-um, hi! You’re Roark, right? I was supposed to come find you, for, uh…my gym battle!”

As if this couldn’t get any worse, the girl is cute as hell too. Roark has no choice but to leave with her, but there is a very big part of him that is tempted to award her the badge right here and now, as a means of bribing her to forget this ever happened.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf
