Won't go away (A Bleach Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-05 12:24

A/N: Commission I did for Cyan's birthday

“For the last time, I don’t want to have to deal with you right now,” Cyan snaps, not that you have any intention of listening to her. This is how it always goes, with all three of the girls; none of them ever want to admit to having you around, yet they never actually have that much problem with it. And what once started as an attempt to get closer to their mistress turned into a relationship with them as well, though at least Halibel does not give you the level of trouble that any of these three do.

That being said, Cyan is particularly snappy right now, and you can’t figure out what it is that is making her lash out more than she has been lately. She had been starting to mellow out around you, at least a little bit, but today, she is showing you no mercy, snapping at you every chance she gets, as she does what she can to get you to leave her alone once and for all. Normally, it seems more like she is trying to convince herself that she does not want you around, but this time, you’re really starting to think that she means it, and that you have done something so horrible that Cyan no longer wants anything to do with you. If only you could figure out what you did.

What you don’t realize, why Cyan won’t let you realize, is that it actually doesn’t have anything to do with you. Right now, she has to pee, and since you’re around, she does not want to admit to that, does not want to show any signs of weakness. Even though it is getting so bad that she can hardly stand still, and so bad that she is not sure how much longer she can make it like this, she still does not want to tell you, and would rather do anything other than let you know why she wants some privacy.

Which means that she has to keep hoping she can be mean enough to get rid of you, but with how used to her nastiness you are, it’s hard to phase you. Even if you are worried that she means it this time, that just makes you want to stick around and figure out what you could have done, so that you can make sure you never do it again. With all the progress that you have made with Cyan, you definitely do not want to risk undoing it all, and ruining what you have begun to build with her. No matter how difficult she can be at times, you still care about her, and know that the feeling is mutual, despite what she may claim.

“Stop making me repeat myself, and get out of my sight,” she demands, her voice like venom. Normally, she is more fond of backhanded insults, as opposed to being blatantly and obviously cruel, which only makes you worry more. Of course, she is just having trouble thinking, because her bladder is stealing all of her focus, and she can’t be quite as witty as she normally is.

She keeps her thighs pressed together as tight as she can, and even that is not enough to protect her from the slight leaks that keep getting through. Cyan has never had to piss this badly in all her life, and it has only gotten this bad because she refuses to admit to you that she has such a need. While you continue to wonder what might be wrong with her, she continues to fight it, and berate you uselessly, so very frustrated that you will not learn to take a hint for once.

“Have I done something?” you finally ask.

“What haven’t you done?” she snaps back. Even if she could think of some heinous crime to pin on you, it would not work to get rid of you, and she knows that. It would just result in you groveling at her feet, and ignoring her continued requests to just go away. Cyan is realizing, much too late, that there is really nothing she can do other than admitting to the truth, and as much as she hates to do that, she has no choice.

Except she has already pushed it too far.

She realizes this in horror, just before she is about to open her mouth and admit to it. Just before she is about to do something that might effectively get rid of you, her bladder gives out on her, and that is the end of that. You watch her, not sure what is going on at first, until you realize that her clothing is being soaked through, and then slowly, your mind begins to process the sight in front of you. You realize that Cyan is wetting herself, and then realize that this is the reason she was so on edge, that it had nothing to do with anything you did.

The relief you feel when you realize that is quickly overpowered by another feeling, that feeling is not sympathy for her plight. Instead, you realize that seeing her like this, face quickly reddening, is one of the most arousing things that you have ever seen. Definitely not something you want to let her figure out, but it’s already too late to try and do something about your erection, and then Cyan’s eyes dart down, and her face of humiliation becomes one of disgust.

“You’re honestly hard right now? Just when I thought you couldn’t sink lower, you’re…oh, you’re so shameless!” she berates you, but in truth, she has her reasons. For one thing, getting angry at you is a good way to deflect from just how embarrassed she is right now. For another, she can use her anger to keep you from fingering out that she might be a little turned on too, though she can’t for the life of her figure out why that would be.

As for you, you never mind when Cyan goes off on you.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

