Defeat (A Drake and Josh Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-08-12 22:15

A/N: My first commission in a long while! It was a nice surprise to get that extra little bit of money when I was really, really broke.

Being constantly pranked by their little sister- or, in Josh's case, stepsister- wore on his and Drake's nerves quite a bit on its own. But, to add insult to injury, she always got away with it and would somehow manage to convince their parents of her innocence every time. She never got in trouble for the things that she did.

They tried to get revenge on her the old-fashioned way- a better prank- but she somehow always saw through them and outsmarted them. No matter how elaborate their payback schemes were, she defeated them with ease and then pranked them even harder, often using their own plans against them. Something had to change, and soon.

And then they began to wonder if the complexity of their pranks was the real problem. After all, she was well-versed in them and knew what to look out for. But she might not be able to spot a more simple one coming. Relying on the classics might be their best bet to finally have their revenge on her.

They entertained quite a few ideas, but so many of them involved more steps than they thought were necessary to keep it simple. And then the idea occurred to them, one so simple yet diabolical that they were guaranteed success. It was a classic bit that would be easy to pull off and would leave her properly humiliated.

They were going to lock her out of the bathroom.

~X~

They waited until the perfect day to put their plan in motion. Their parents would be gone for the day and had left them in charge, with the rule in place that no one could leave the house for any reason. With that rule, there was no way Megan could use any bathrooms that weren't in their home.

There were two bathrooms in the house, and since there were two of them, that put one of them in each. They had paid attention to some of her habits, and knew that she tended to make a dash for the bathroom around the same time each day. She seemed to wait until she was a bit frantic before she would go, which meant that, when the time came, it would not take long for their plan to come to fruition.

And just as they had predicted, not long after they were both secured, she came knocking at the downstairs bathroom.

“Is anyone in there?” she asked. When she got no response, she tried the door handle, but it did not give. “Come on, I have to pee! I don't hear anything in there, just come out already!”

After a few minutes of silence, she gave up. “Whatever, I'll just go upstairs.” But, when she got upstairs, she was met with the exact same problem. “Seriously? I don't know what you two are up to, but this isn't funny! Let me in!”

She pounded on the door, hoping to intimidate the boy inside, but she was still met with silence. She huffed, frustrated. She actually had a very good idea what they were up to, but she was definitely not amused. When they came out, she was going to give them hell for this, but before that, she needed a solution to her problem.

She really had to pee, and she didn't know if she was going to be able to convince one of them to come out. She could try to scare them, but if that didn't work, then what would she do? She wasn't allowed to leave her house, the backyard was as far as she could go and definitely not an option. There was the kitchen sink, but that was too gross and embarrassing.

She had to get them out of there somehow, but for all her evil genius, she could not think of anything while she was this desperate. Normally, she would have no trouble defeating them and getting her way, but with her bladder demanding her full attention, she was powerless to stop them.

She clenched her fists, trying to clear her head and failing. She could not admit defeat, even when she knew that defeat was eminent. She had brought them to their knees so many times before, how could it be that they were going to triumph with something so simple and stupid?

Of course, she knew the stupidity of it was what had kept her from seeing it coming, but that was beside the point. She was stuck, squirming in place, trying not to lose control right outside the bathroom door.

It occurred to her that if she could last until their parents got home, she could run tattling and that would get them out of the bathrooms. Then she would win in both ways, and they would be punished for this. The only problem was, she had no idea when they would be back, and her situation was already so close to being out of control.

But she didn't have any better ideas. She was stumped and she was desperate, and she just wanted to pee already and the only option was to wait longer and hope for the best outcome. She was completely unable to stand still and had her legs crossed, bouncing up and down in place. It was her only hope of waiting it out.

She could not hold back a whimper as she felt the first leak spurt out, creating a damp spot on her panties. Her bladder ached for relief, and she wanted that relief so bad, but she forced herself to hold on, hoping for that best outcome. But a part of her knew that hoping wouldn't really do her much good, and that, whether she liked it or not, she was going to lose control very soon.

Megan bit down on her lip, her breathing growing labored. Her heart beat sped up in a complete panic and tears welled up in her eyes. It was too late, she knew it was too late, and another leak soaked her panties, this one bigger and creating a visible dark spot on her jeans. This was it, she was going to wet herself, and she could not delay that any longer.

A steady flow poured out of her before she could stop it, and her plan to wait shattered before her eyes. She had lost and they had won, and that was all there was to it. She whimpered as her bladder emptied, running down her legs and forming a puddle on the floor. Even with the humiliation of defeat, she could not deny that the relief felt amazing.

When she had finished, she stood in her puddle and thought about the situation. Soon, her brothers would be out to mock her and see their victory. There was no getting around that, just like there had been no getting around wetting herself. She knew that she had lost, but that did not mean she would remain defeated. She would face her defeat today, but this was not over.

Already, she had begun to plot her revenge.

