Cleaning duty (A Genshin Impact Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-04 15:42

A/N: Wrote this for Thoma's birthday, same series of commissions as Genshin Gals, but he's not a gal, so yeah.

Another hard day’s work for Thoma means another day with as few breaks as possible. Even though he knows he should not push himself too far, he also knows that the work gets done faster when he does not take those breaks, and that it is done better when he is not trying to rush things along or getting frequently distracted. He takes his work very seriously, no matter what it may be, so housework is every bit as essential in his mind.

That being said, he has been met with some trouble every now and then, though nothing that he can’t handle. Sometimes he pushes himself a little too far, but because he is the only one stopping himself from taking a break, he is also the one who can decide when it is time to pause for a moment. If he finds himself getting too close to the limit, then there is nothing to stop him from going to relieve himself.

Once again, he knows he should not push it to that point in the first place. But when he knows he can keep going a little longer, or when he is so lost in things that he barely notices it, then it is really hard not to make it into a habit. Ultimately, it is not a big problem for him, just as long as it never goes too far, and he has not ever let it get to that point before.

Today, he is cutting it close. It is hard for him to focus when he keeps feeling twinges from his bladder, but he keeps telling himself that he can at least wait until he has finished this one task. It would be much easier to finish up and then run to the bathroom than it would be to stop and then have to get started again. Just a little bit longer now, and he can make a run for it, before anything happens.

“Thoma!” Aether calls out, and he flinches. Just what is he doing here right now?

“Oh, hi, Aether,” he replies, hoping that he can keep the strain out of his voice. “Did you need something?”

“Not really, I was just stopping by. But it looks like you’re hard at work.”

A visit from Aether would brighten his day any other time, but among the people he does not want to see him squirm as he fights with his very full bladder, Aether is one of them. Still, Thoma is not going to try to get rid of him, not when that would be incredibly rude to one of his closest friends, or at the very least, embarrassing. The idea of explaining why he needs to be left alone is too much for him, and he hopes that Aether is just saying hi, and about to go on his way, so that Thoma does not have to worry about that.

However, luck does not appear to be on his side, as Aether has not moved yet. He watches intently, as if he can find some entertainment in just watching Thoma clean. It’s not as if Thoma expects him to offer help or anything, because it isn’t his job, and he would not accept help anyway, but he still wonders why he would bother watching if that is all he is going to do. That being said, were he not bursting to pee, he probably would not mind the company in the slightest, so this is really all on him for not going sooner, and he has no right to wish Aether would leave him alone, especially if he is not going to admit that he has a problem to begin with.

The silence is uncomfortable, and he knows that it should be on him to break it. Aether probably does not want to break his concentration if he is being quiet for a reason, but Thoma can’t think of anything that he should say. The only thing he can think of is that he is nearly done and then he needs to take his leave, but if he can’t make his excuses then, what is he supposed to do?

He has to just excuse himself, no other way about it. That shouldn’t be any sort of issue, but suddenly, the idea of telling Aether that he will be right back, he’s just going to the bathroom, feels like the most impossible, embarrassing thing in the world. And Thoma realizes that he is stuck.

He is stuck until Aether leaves him alone, but he doesn’t have that much longer until he bursts, he can hardly stand still as it is, and that is while forcing himself not to squirm. It is past critical already, and just when he thinks that things could not possibly get any worse for him, Ayaka happens by, and upon seeing Aether, of course wants to come and join the two of them. Which means the conversation is not ending any time soon, and means that it is that much harder for him to give his reason for why he needs to leave.

All of this is too much for him, and he can’t wait anymore. Despite knowing that excusing himself is preferable to losing control, the latter is exactly what happens. Before he can stop it, he is whimpering, knees buckling as he loses it, and the soft noise of defeat is enough to gain the attention of the other two, his two favorite people, the two people he wants to see him like this the least. Both stare at him in surprise as he begins wetting himself, and, try as he might, he is not able to stop it.

In no time at all, his pants are soaked floor, a puddle forming on the floor- another mess that he is going to have to clean up, but that is the least of his concerns right now. The burning humiliation is the greatest, and no matter how good the relief may be, it is not enough to cover up what he has done. If there were some way to just disappear right now, he would probably take it, rather than facing the two of them, knowing he will likely never live this down.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

