Maze Race (an original story)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-10-02 15:16

A/N: Another commission, this one an original story with a plot similar to Giga tournaments, I believe. I've never watched any of them, but this is a game show and a holding contest, so there ya go.

Once upon a time, a certain game show was hosting a competition for women. The challenge involved a maze with various tricks and traps that would have to be avoided, and the woman with the best time in solving the maze would be the winner of a nice monetary prize.

There was one catch, however. All women had to be desperate to pee before they went into the maze, and if they lost control of their bladders, they were immediately disqualified, regardless of how close they were to finishing the maze.

One of the contestants, Kyoko Hashimoto, was twenty four years old. She had short, black hair with blue streaks. She was slim and wore an orange shirt that resembled a robe with its lapels, a pleated orange skirt, white socks, and white sneakers. She had worn the shoes for practicality, but had tried to dress cutely considering she was going to be on TV and all. She was going to be one of the last ones to compete.

Naomi Anderson, who was twenty one and half-American, would be competing near the middle. Her eyes were naturally blue, and she had dyed her black hair blonde to try to match that appearance. It was a strange look, yet beautiful on her somehow. She went for total comfort in her out for the competition, wearing a pink spandex leotard over purple leggings, with white sneakers and pink socks.

Finally, there was Miyuki Yamamoto, who would be the very first to enter the maze competition. She was twenty nine, and had long black hair that fell past her mid-back, as well as gray eyes. She wore red shorts, a red shirt, a white vest, white sneakers, and red socks.

She had no idea what would await her inside the maze as she entered, and was surprised to see a small, six-walled room with a door on each wall. She supposed that she would have to choose wisely and be met with similar rooms over and over again. She started off through the right-most door, deciding that would be the pattern she followed at first, until she reached a dead end.

It was not long until she reached a room with a large pool of water that she nearly slipped and fell into. If she was going to try another door, she would have to swim it, but her bladder protested at the thought of entering that cold water.

She turned back and tried other doors, but soon, she was confused. Her pattern idea was supposed to work out so well, but already, she had no idea which doors she had gone through and which ones she had not. She was lost and, to make matters worse, her bladder was really starting to make itself known to her.

She paused for a moment, even knowing that every second counted, and squirmed in place, squeezing her thighs together and biting her lip. She had to pee so terribly badly, just as all of the contestants had to, and she was nearing her limit too soon. It did not matter how quickly she solved this puzzle if her bladder could not handle waiting for a bathroom.

She considered going back to that pool and peeing while she swam across. No one would be able to tell, and though it would be cheating, it would certainly give her an advantage! This idea did not last long, however, because she soon realized she had no idea which way to go to get back to that pool.

Her pulse quickened as she realized that she did not stand a very good chance of winning this game. She was nearing her limit, she was thoroughly lost, and she was just standing there, wasting time as she attempted to strategize. How could she make up for her lost time when her bladder throbbed so much that she did not know if she could even run?

She started off at the quickest pace she could manage, haphazardly running through whatever door she could, all to no avail. She had no idea which was to go and, if she found the exit, it would have to be due to chance. Throwing open door after door, she was greeted with more empty rooms and more traps, and nothing even slightly resembling the end of the maze.

She had to take another moment to pause when she felt a dribble of pee escape into her panties, panicked. Already, her control was starting to slip, and she was still unsure of how to escape this maze. She squirmed in place, squeezing her thighs together to try to prevent any further leakage before she started into the next room.

She froze immediately, but this time, it had nothing to do with any bladder leaks. There were two people, a man and a woman, waiting for her. She had heard that some traps would involve tickling, but she had hoped she would not encounter one of those.

She turned to flee, but the two closed in on her, grabbing hold of her before she could make it out the door. Between the two of them, she could not get away, and they held her firmly. She struggled against them, but soon, they had their fingers at her sides, tickling her so that she could not resist them.

She wiggled and giggled, those giggles turning into frantic, hysterical laughter as she tried to fight them off and fought her own bladder at the same time. Leak after leak escaped, soaking her panties. She hoped that it was not enough to leave a visible spot on her red shorts.

Miyuki attempted to elbow one of her assailants and break free, but this failed. They moved their hands up into her armpits, and she shrieked in a mixture of laughter and panic. Her bladder could not hold out for much longer if she did not break free, but she could not think straight enough to attempt escape again.

Again, she felt a leak, but this time, it was a much stronger spurt of urine that she knew would stand out on her shorts. She felt tears well up in her eyes from the laughter, but did not feel like laughing at all. There was another, stronger spurt, followed by more and more until it was a steady stream that would not stop.

Her ticklers noticed that she had begun to wet herself and let go of her, backing away as the stream continued. Her knees buckled and she struggled to remain standing as the warm pee gushed out of her, creating a large puddle on the floor of the maze room. Her breathing was ragged and her hands shook.

She peed for nearly a full minute, and the relief was so wonderfully overwhelming that it barely registered with her that she was wetting herself on television and had most definitely lost the contest. She sighed with relief, then sighed again with disappointment as the two who had tickled her led her out of the maze.

~X~

Time went by, and competitor after competitor fought their way through the maze. A few even found the end, but the vast majority lost control of their bladders before they could make it out. Eventually, the time came for Naomi to try her hand at solving the maze before it was too late.

She was excited, though she could already feel her bladder swelling with all the liquid she had been made to consume. Still, she thought she stood a better chance, being one of the younger contenders. She was fast and she had endurance. She would beat all of their times and avoid wetting herself with no problem!

She charged off into the maze, trying to follow an old trick she had heard. If you kept your arm out, running your hand along the wall of a maze, you could never go back the same way you had come from. She was not sure how well that would hold up in this setup, but she hoped the result would be the same.

She dodged tricks and traps as if they weren't there, and was even able to outrun the ticklers that had taken down the first woman. Things were going well for her until her bladder took a sudden turn for the worse, causing her to double over in desperation. It had gotten so bad out of nowhere, and she bit her lip, squirming in place.

She had not expected something like. Even knowing the nature of the contest, she had assumed she would only lose if her time was bad. She had never once thought that she would lose control, and had not thought wetting herself on TV was a possibility. She had been convinced that holding it would be the least of her worries.

But now she was showing off just how desperate she really was, and real people were going to see this behavior, and they were going to see her wet herself, and that wasn't something she could handle. She felt herself go into a panic and started off again, running as fast as she could with this new found desperation. She had to stay hunched over to even move.

She whimpered as she was forced to pause again and avoid a leak. Her eyes watered as she jammed a hand between her legs. She felt so pathetic, already reduced to this when she had had such a strong start, and her panic increased as she tried to think of a way out of this.

There was no way she could solve the maze at this point. She knew that, despite her promising start, she was completely out for the count. But if she just stood there and waited for the inevitable, that would solve nothing. She had to get away from the cameras, before they caught her embarrassment and let the world see.

Her only option was to try and escape the maze. Quitting wasn't an option this late in the game, but if she could somehow get out of one of the sides, she would be out of view of the cameras.

The problem was reaching one of the side exits that were for the people doing traps in the maze. She was so near her limit, and she could barely remember which way was which any more. She tried to remember which way she had come from, and mentally retrace her steps enough to know which direction would lead her right or left.

Naomi could not think straight enough to be sure, but when she had a good guess, she started off in that direction, hoping desperately that the leaks she began to feel were not enough to show through the leggings and leotard.

Finally, after what felt like forever, she found of the doors she was looking for, painted the same color as the walls around it and barely distinguishable. Excited that she would soon be free of her impending humiliation, she pushed at the door. It didn't budge.

She whimpered, feeling a small spurt of urine run down her leg. It must be that she didn't push hard enough, she thought, and hoped that she could hold on while she pushed harder.

Suddenly, someone else burst in the room and said, “What are you doing? That's not one of the doors for the maze!”

She ignored them and continued to push, feeling her control slip more and more. She could have sworn she felt the door move a little bit that time, she was almost there, just a little bit more and she would be free! But then she felt the person's arms, hooking through her shoulders and pulling her back, and then it was all over for her.

The small dark spot on her leotard began to grow, and the thin trail that had snaked down her leg before spread as well, the contents of her bladder rushing out as she lost complete control. The bright pink was soon a magenta color, while the pale purple became a deep violet, and her piss began to leak out of her clothes, forming a puddle on the floor.

Tears began to run down her cheeks as she felt the last of her pee trickle out. Despite how hard she had tried, she had not been able to avoid wetting herself on tv, and despite her promising start, she had lost the contest. Now everyone would see her humiliation, and she had nothing to show for her effort.

She was escorted out of the very door she had tried to use for escape, and they began to clean and reset the maze for the next contestant to enter.

~X~

Kyoko was the very last contestant, and had watched all of the women before her who had been defeated. There had still been more defeats than victories, and the woman currently holding the best time was not too impressive. If she concentrated, and if luck was on her side, Kyoko could beat her, though she was not personally sure that that was a possibility.

The only thing that she knew gave her an advantage was the fact that she knew she had a good chance of being able to hold it until the very end. She had been in several desperate situations before, and, after a humiliating accident at school once upon a time, had made sure she wouldn't lose control like that anymore. Her bladder was strong, and even though she knew she would have to pee pretty badly soon, she had confidence in her ability to make it.

She started off in the direction that she believed had been followed by the women who had been more successful. She had tried her best to memorize their paths, and hoped that she was following them accurately now. Her bladder was already a faint annoyance, but she did not give it more than a moment's thought.

She knew how to dodge most of the traps by this point, but there was one that she was not sure how to handle. However, it didn't seem that she could dodge it, as every woman who had finished the maze had had to pass it at some point. It was the two ticklers, who she had to manage to outrun.

From what she had seen, if the door closed behind you before they reached it, they would not follow you into the next room, but if they reached the door before it closed, they would follow you until you sped up enough that they reached a closed door. She had to be fast enough that they would not catch her, but she didn't know if she could.

When at last she came upon the room that the two people were in, she broke into her fastest run, throwing herself into the next room. However, she hadn't been quick enough to shake them, and they followed into the room after her. She could hear their footsteps behind her and she ran more frantically, stumbling as she struggled to outrun her predators.

Her heart pounded as she picked up speed, and she tripped suddenly, and then they were upon her, lifting her up and tickling her. She squealed and fought her bladder's attempts to release before turning her attention to fighting her captors. They had a tight hold on her, but she did her best to try and wrench free.

They stopped tickling her all at once and begun to drag her away. Horror dawned on her as she realized that they were going to try to throw her out of the maze. Her fight increased, struggling to not be thrown out before she even had a chance.

Finally, she felt their grips loosened, and she fought free, bolting away before they could grab her again. She was faster than before, and managed to escape them this time. She kept her speed up, following the path she had memorized. Her bladder was the last thing on her mind as she tried to make up for the lost time.

Making progress, she dodged the traps she faced and kept her mind on the victory she hoped was coming to her. She had no way of knowing her time for sure, but hoped that she had not already lost without realizing it. Her bladder throbbed painfully, reminding her that she was fighting another battle.

She had to pee so badly that she could barely run, but pushed on against that. Knowing that she was so near the end, she willed herself to hold on just a little bit longer. She had to complete this maze before she wet herself; she had to.

Even when she began to wonder if she had followed the path correctly, or if she had messed it up somehow, she didn't let her doubt slow her down. Slowing down would just increase her chance of wetting herself, and she was sure that she was going the right way. Just a few more doors, and she would be out!

Her bladder's protests grew louder and louder, but she pressed on, pushing through room after room until she knew she had come to what should be the very last one. One look at the center door, and she knew she had been correct. It was more ornate than the others, very obviously the exit. Maybe it was done up like that because the girls had faced so much that they deserved an easy room at the end.

Either way, Kyoko had made it through the maze without losing control, though she was dangerously close to doing so. She pushed the door open, and was immediately assaulted by shots of confetti. Her race was over, and she did not even mind the fact that her bladder, without any incentive to hold, had given up.

As the people around here celebrated her victory, she began to flood her panties, the stream so strong that she got the front of her orange skirt wet. She moaned in relief, humiliated to do this in front of so many people, but much happier about the fact that she had finished the maze without losing control. She had clearly only been seconds away, and she had survived the close call.

When she had finished wetting herself, her socks and shoes soaked and a large puddle at her feet, she was finally told that her time had been the best. Despite the trials she had faced and the time she had lost, despite almost losing control before she made it out, she had won!

Kyoko was overjoyed that she had emerged victorious, and definitely did not mind wetting herself now. Either way, she had won, and that was all that really mattered.

A/N: Hope that I got everything the way you wanted it! Sorry that the ending was kind of rushed, couldn't think of anything else to tie it all together.

