Mysterious happenings out on patrol (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-06 15:26

A/N: This commission was originally posted as two separate stories, hence the long title, cos I stitched the two together. There are a lot of instances of wetting, but the fic overal focuses on Rachel, and then Bettie. Also there's some mild sexual content at one point, in the form of a couple getting walked in on while doing the do

Rachel has a pretty busy job, doing whatever Lear needs of her. She takes that job very seriously, though maybe not quite as seriously as Sawyer. Whatever the case, the two of them are always doing their best for their master, and when he has them both patrolling Pasio to make sure that Team Break is not up to anything, she is not going to let anything get in her way.

Unfortunately, that includes the needs of her own body, something that she knows she would gladly ignore for Lear’s sake, for the sake of getting her job done just right. That sounds noble in theory but, of course, it is quite a pain in practice, as she is quick to learn.

From what she knows, they should be up to something today, but she is not sure what it is that that might be, nor where she can find or stop them. That is why she and Sawyer have to stay on their toes, covering as much ground as possible, and not letting anything escape their notice. At first, Rachel is not distracted by anything, taking it all as seriously as she would want to, but when she first starts to notice her need to pee, that is when the problem arises.

Right away, from the moment the pang in her bladder first makes itself known, she is annoyed by that. The last thing she needs to worry about right now is needing to pee. Taking a break to go to the bathroom during such a serious situation could lead to something important escaping her notice, and for all she knows, there is someone tailing her, waiting for her to get distracted by her own needs so that they can signal for the plan to be carried out.

Even a few minutes away from the action could mean a disaster, and she would not be able to show her face to Lear again after that. She would have to admit that she failed him because of her own bladder, and then what? It would be a ridiculous excuse, and she is sure that Sawyer would have words for as well. Getting a lecture from him is hardly on her list of fun things to do, so overall, she knows that she can’t go to the bathroom until she is done with her patrol, and she is honestly not sure when that is supposed to.

All she can do is push the need to the back of her mind for the time being, doing whatever she can to forget about the fact that she has to pee. It is not so bad right now, just an annoyance that she would have already taken care of, if she had the freedom to do so. But in a situation where she does not have that freedom, she knows that she can hold it for a quite a while. It has been a long time since she has last had to push herself to her limits, but she is certain that she can handle a lot, that this will not be a problem.

And so, she pushes that needs of her bladder to the back of her mind and focuses on the task at hand, paying close attention to everything, everywhere she goes. The only problem with that is that it is not long before she sees a reminder of her current predicament in the form of two trainers from Alola having wet themselves. At first, she has to do a double take; she can hardly believe what she is seeing, but there they are, plain as day. Hau and Selene are trying to comfort themselves, both of them with obvious stains on their shorts, stains that could only be caused by one thing.

What are the odds that she would run into two trainers that have wet themselves while trying to avoid thinking about her own need to pee? It seems odd, for sure, but not completely impossible. Accidents happen, even if she would never let something like that happen to her. At least they have each other and can take comfort from that, she supposes, and she goes about her business, not stopping to stare or anything like that. It would surely make them both feel bad if they knew she was looking, so she pretends that she does not notice them, pretends that this does not make the panging in her bladder a little bit worse, and keeps on moving.

It would be easy to forget that, if not for the fact that she passes another trainer in the same situation. She really thinks her eyes are playing tricks on her this time, but when she looks again, she sees Flannery doubled over, one hand against a tree to help keep her balance. The back of her pants show the obvious signs of an accident, and Rachel knows that, if she were to turn around right now, she would be able to see the wetness on her crotch as well. Probably also an upset and defeated expression on her face, but Rachel does not stick around for that to happen, once again not wanting to let the defeated trainer know that they have been spotted.

But, really, what are the odds? It was one thing when it was two kids, who may have just gotten lost together or something, but it is another thing when it is a third person and an adult, so soon after the first two trainers. Is something going on that Rachel did not know about, something that might cause an inconvenience in getting to the bathroom? No, if there was something, then she would have been told about that.

It could just be a very strange coincidence, so that is what she decides to file it away under, for now. However, it is not long before she happens a fourth unlucky trainer, and knows that there has to be something else going on here, something more deliberate. She can’t quite determine what that might be, guessing on her own, but whatever the case, she is almost certain that this has to be related to whatever it is that Team Break was trying to plan.

Whether it be a means of lowering morale in such a simple manner, or something to get everyone distracted by their clean ups and rushing to the bathroom to try and avoid such a clean up, she can think of a lot of reasons that they might try such a low tactic. Without any proof of it, she can’t say for sure, and she is definitely not going to report it until she knows for sure, but at the very least, she has a feeling that she has a lead.

“Ugh, this is such a pain,” she mutters to herself. Of all things for them to be focusing on today, it had to be something like that, when she already had to pee. And she can’t even blame her need on whatever their scheme might be; she is almost completely certain that it is entirely due to her own negligence, because she would be getting desperate at any time, after waiting this long to focus on something else.

That being said, things are still rather difficult for her, specifically because of their potential plotting. Just seeing those first three trainers is bad enough, and when she lays eyes on the fourth unlucky case, it just reminds her of her own need. Just like with those first three, Rachel pretends that she does not notice Whitney, in tears over her soaked shorts, but while she walks away, the pang in her bladder reminds her that that is her potential fate as well, that she could end up in that exact situation if she is not careful.

But what is it that is causing all these people to end up peeing themselves at once? It is definitely not a coincidence, but her patrol has turned up no evidence of foul play yet. She has not heard anything back from Sawyer, either, but she is sure that he would be communicating with her if he knew that something was up. Without evidence of her own, she doubts he would take anything that she has to say all that seriously, especially when it is about something like this, but surely, if he had figured it out, he would be talking to her about it.

With that in mind, she sees no reason to try and ask him about it, not until she has heard something for herself, or found some explanation for what is going on. She hates that she has to keep her eyes peeled for more accidents when she would rather not think about that right now, but this is her job, and she is not going to stop taking it seriously for even a moment. Not for her own bladder, whether it be for a bathroom break or because she just want to make holding it easier.

No matter what, she is going to see it through to the end. For the most part, she can be described as rather careless and playful, but not when it comes to the work that Lear has given her. She is nothing but determined in that way, and so, she ignores the ache, she ignores the strong urges, and she presses on, looking everywhere for any further signs of this plot she is sure must be underway.

It does not take her long, and she reflexively presses her thighs together upon the next scene she finds. Erika, Janine, and Sabrina are all soaked together, all looking absolutely miserable, trying to comfort one another while barely able to find comfort themselves. It was definitely too much for them, whatever happened, and now they are all visibly wet, with anyone who sees them bound to be able to tell what has happened. Rachel ducks her head down quickly when Sabrina looks in her direction, and hurries off as swiftly as she can.

Perhaps she should stick around to question them, rather than worrying so much about whether or not they will feel worse, knowing that someone has seen then. Really, she is not sure what she should do; it is likely that, if some external force is causing these accidents, then they would not even realize that this had happened to them. She really would just be making them feel worse about it, while also further endangering herself.

She tries to push that last thought out of her mind, tries to forget her own need once again. Though she wants to avoid wetting herself at all costs, she can’t put that first. Of course, every step she takes is like agony to her, and the constant reminders in the form of seeing so many wet trainers…all of this is more than she is equipped to handle. Rachel really should take a break soon, and even though she has been telling herself from the start that that is selfish, that she can’t miss out on anything when she is patrolling for Lear, she is starting to slip, her desire to empty her bladder getting the better of her.

Rachel can’t remember ever forcing herself to hold for this long. She has not had to pee this badly in a very long time, if ever. This is torture, plain and simple, and if she sees anymore wet trainers, she really does not know how long her willpower is going to hold out. Perhaps finding the answer to this problem can wait until after she has solved her own problem, and if she goes quickly, maybe she can justify it, maybe she can get back outside fast enough that she does not miss anything.

The more she thinks about it, the more it starts to sound like a better idea. Like this, she is too distracted to make progress, but if she weren’t so desperate, maybe she could bring herself to interview the victims. They might not be too keen on talking about their accidents, but at the very least, she would be able to try, rather than flinching away every time she happened to notice someone with soaked clothes. With all that in mind, she decides that she needs to look for a bathroom now, and worry about her patrol later.

Even though she wants to be able to put work first, she does not want to end up wetting herself either, and her desperation is actively making it harder for her to get her work done. She needs to pee too badly to do anything else, and so she sets off, cursing the fact that she is so far from where a public bathroom would be. The trip is going to be a lengthy one, or at least it is going to feel that way when she is bursting like this, and would do anything to make it go faster.

The only thing that she can do right now is keep her focus on the task ahead of her, to keep her eyes on the path and not worry about anything other than making it before the worst happens. That is the plan, but it seems like everywhere she goes, she is doomed to run into someone else who has wet themselves, another person to remind her of the frantic pangs coming from her bladder, more and more frequently now.

If she looks off to the side of the path one direction, she can see Nessa and Elesa having to pause a battle because they both gave into their bladders with no warning. If she looks further ahead, there are Gloria, Hop, and Marnie, all looking stunned and then bashful, as they try and process what is happening around them. If she keeps moving forward, she just sees more and more, trainers of all sorts, of all ages and with all sorts of backgrounds, all succumbing to the same phenomenon that has left what must be half the island soaking wet.

The fact that she is even holding on at all is a miracle on its own, but she is not sure how much longer she can keep doing that. Rachel has never had to pee this badly in all her life, has never been so frantic, and now, she does not care what she looks like, just as long as she does not end up like the others. It is not as if any of them are in any sort of position to judge her for what she does to hold it, and when she jams a hand between her legs to hold herself while she walks, she forces herself to ignore her shame. After all, it is not as if it’s Lear looking at her right now, and her master is the only one she cares about looking cool in front of.

An indignant shriek draws her attention, and she sees Clair soaked through, with Lyra holding herself while she tries to comfort her. Rachel knows that she should look away before it happens, but her eyes are trained on Lyra as the girl gives into her own bladder, whimpering as she wets her overalls. Seeing an active accident like that, actually witnessing it as it happens, is really too much, and Rachel whimpers, tightening her grip on herself as she tries to move faster.

It is hard to walk too quickly in her current condition, what with how absolutely bursting she is. Moving too quickly feels like it could jostle her too much and cause her to lose control. Not only that, but keeping her steps steady when she has a hand between her leg is rather difficult as well, so she just does the best she can, moving as quickly as the situation will allow her, and hoping that she is moving quickly enough.

The bathroom can’t be too far away from her now, and if she looks in the direction she can hear wailing from, she is sure she will see a very distraught, very wet Rosa, so it is best to just ignore that completely. And it is best to just look away when she happens to catch a glimpse of Iris, who has recently lost control, and if she just keeps walking, she can easily ignore the gathering of the Unova Elite Four, all of whom have fallen victim to the same strange happening.

A meeting of champions leaves Diantha, Steven, and Cynthia all confused about how this could have happened to them, and Wally and May do their best to console each other, while Rachel keeps walking on, the bathroom finally in sight. Just a little bit longer now, and there isn’t even a line, probably because the bulk of the population has already wet themselves. She can make it now, she just has to take a few more steps to get inside, and then…

When Rachel finds herself unable to take another step, she already knows that she has lost. Whether she wants to accept it or not, she has lost, and so, she is left there, standing right outside the bathroom, just moments away from relief, when she gives in and starts to wet herself, just like everyone else. But it isn’t just like everyone else, cos she has no one to blame for this but herself. Nothing strange happened to her; she just held it for long and let her pride get in the way, and now her leggings have completely soaked through as her bladder continues to empty.

Rachel knows that it could be a lot worse, that she could have done this when she was the only one to wet herself, and that would have been a lot more humiliating. But even that knowledge does not soften the blow too much, because she did not want this to happen to begin with. There is nothing she can do to change what has happened now, though. She just has to get herself cleaned up, and then focus on getting to the bottom of all the mystery wettings.

~X~

Something is definitely going on around here, and Bettie is determined to get to the bottom of it. It is not all that uncommon for strange things to happen on Pasio, usually connected to some sort of scheme at the hands of Team Break. With all that in mind, she knows that it is rare for weird coincidences to really be coincidences, and this seems like something more likely to be the result of something, rather than just suddenly happening.

Of course, when it comes to figuring out the motive for creating mass wettings, or even the means, Bettie can’t say that she has the answer to either question. But that is why she is on the case right now, searching for answers amongst the trainers that have soaked themselves and do not know why. If it were just one incident, it would be nothing to even pay attention. Even two or three could be a coincidence, if they were spread out enough.

But this is so much more than that, and and usually happening in groups all at once. Bettie knows that that is not something she can chalk up to a weird coincidence, especially when it is trainers who should have a better handle on themselves, who do not tend to find themselves having accidents like this. After witnessing a few, she is on the case, though she is not exactly doing as well as she could be.

Bettie has to pee, but she does not want to let that take priority over what she is trying to investigate. Especially when it might help her out, considering peeing tends to be at the source of every situation. Not that she really wants to be desperate, let alone end up in a situation where she wets herself like the other trainers have, but if she can get some clues…well, she is not going to think much further on it. She just knows that she can find some way to help if she tries hard enough, that she just has to find the answer that she is looking for. And to do that, she needs to find more desperate trainers, not wasting any time on herself when she could spend that time searching.

It does not take her long to find Jasmine and Kris together, walking in the direction of the center that Bettie just departed from not long ago. It is clear enough that neither of them are doing all that great right now, that both are struggling to walk. Normally, she might not pay attention to that, might not even notice or at least would not pay extra attention once she did notice, not wanting to embarrass either of them, but as things are, she is pretty sure this is exactly what she has been looking for. Their embarrassment might help her save others from a similar fate, if she can get anything out of them.

Both are stumbling a bit, keeping their thighs tightly pressed together while they walk, looks of discomfort on their faces. It seems that they were out training together when the sudden urge hit them- but then, Bettie doesn’t know that that is exactly what happens.

“Did you two suddenly have to pee out of nowhere?” she asks them, and they both look at her with confused expressions on their faces. It really is a weird thing to just ask with no warning, but as far as she is concerned, it is what she needs to do, if she is going to get answers. Dragging things out or beating around the bush is not going to help anyone right now.

“What are you talking about?” Kris asks, face going red, as if she is still trying to hide it, even when it is written all over her face that she is bursting. Bettie has fallen into step beside them, so that they are not delayed in their journey to the bathroom.

“Come on, anyone could tell,” Jasmine replies, her voice strained. She reaches down to press a hand between her legs, not seeming to care what she is doing, at least beyond her bright red face, betraying her humiliation. “We were just out there training together, and then, suddenly…”

“Yeah,” Kris agrees with a nod, giving up her attempts to hide it pretty quickly. “We were both fine one second, and the next, I felt like I could burst, and it didn’t seem like Jasmine was doing any better. Now, we’re just hurrying back to the center. But…why are you asking?”

“How did you know that?” Jasmine adds.

“It’s been happening all over, or at least I think it is,” Bettie replies. “I’ve seen more people wet themselves today then I have in all my life.”

Groaning, Kris says, “Don’t even talk about something like that! We’re about to lose it as is!”

“I’m sorry. It’s just, it seemed like a strange coincidence, and I’m pretty sure Team Break is behind it. I heard they were on the move lately, and even though this seems like a weird scheme, it sure is sudden for this to start happening, and there have been no other signs of activity on their part,” Bettie explains. “I’ve got to figure out what’s going on to make sure this stops happening.”

“I wish I could tell you more, but that was it,” Kris says.

“Right. It was just out of nowhere. I didn’t notice anything strange going on in the area beforehand, or anything like that,” Jasmine finishes.

Bettie sighs. “Well, I appreciate the information either way. And good lu-”

She does not even get to finish what she is saying before Jasmine suddenly stops, blush darkening as she lets out a soft gasp. It is suddenly obvious that she is not doing well at all, that she has no chance of making it, not when the Pokemon Center is still so far away. And then, before Bettie’s eyes, she starts to wet herself, a dark patch forming on the front of her dress.

Kris tries to keep going, tries to ignore what is happening behind her as she does, but her own bladder can hardly keep up with this, and it only takes her a few more steps before she is met with the same fate. Her knees buckle as she has to stop, trying to hold herself to slow the leaks, but there is nothing that she can do about it. Bettie is left somewhere between the two of them as they both lose control, a puddle already forming on the ground at Jasmine’s feet, while Kris’s shorts are stained a darker shade of yellow, before it begins running down her legs.

Bettie can think of nothing to say to them now, and feels almost responsible for this, even though she knows that she did not actually do anything to make them unable to hold it. Whatever this is, some darker forces are at play, and she still needs to find out what is going on. She could not help these two, but that does not mean she is completely useless, or out for the count. She just needs to keep searching for answers, and so, she leaves them to have their privacy and gets on with it, hoping that she has better luck next time, that she can get more information.

More than that, she finds herself passing by incidents that have already occurred, where the trainers seem too upset to want to talk to her about it. She does not bother approaching those that are caught up in that, certain that they are not going to have much to offer, and that they are going to be less willing to talk about the situation when they are trying to come to terms with the fact that this has actually happened to them. So many dignified adult trainers are falling victim to this, perhaps even more so than children, which really proves that this is out of the ordinary. And it certainly makes sense for them to be upset about it.

Bettie is doing a good job ignoring her own feelings, at the very least. For the most part, she does not notice the twinges from her bladder, even though they are quite frustrating. She can afford to ignore that for a while yet, which makes her think it is not really connected to what is going on right now. It was not a sudden and intense urge, and if she were experiencing what everyone else has been, she is pretty sure that she would have wet herself by now, that it would have been too intense for her to handle.

So she presses on, pretty sure this is just a natural urge, and one that she can continue holding for a while yet, while she tries to find the answers that she needs. There are plenty of trainers out here, and plenty more that have not wet themselves yet, have not gotten that desperate yet.

Searching around, she soon comes upon a meeting of the Unova Elite Four that seems to be interrupted by their desperation. She wonders if she should approach and start questioning yet, or if they are not in any condition to deal with her pestering right now. This time, she decides to just try watching them, to see what any of them do about it, and see if she can’t get some new information from simply observing this in action, all while trying to ignore the way this makes her bladder ache a little bit, growing impatient as she watches the four of them try and fight their desperation.

They are out here pretty far, so getting to a bathroom is more than likely out of the question for them right now. But they are also right in front of each other, and even if they have been working together for several years, that does not mean that they are close enough to be that eager to expose themselves in front of one another. There is a tense silence, each of them staring the others down, and Bettie wonders if it is to the point that even moving would be too much to handle. If that is the case, then they are just stalemating for now.

It is Shauntal who loses control first, unable to take the growing pressure anymore, and not able to figure out a way to get out of here, not that she would have made it very far before losing control anyway. Her knees buckle as she shoves a hand under her dress, trying to do what she can to keep it from happening, but it is too late. Her tights are soon growing darker with the evidence of her accident, with Bettie unable to bring herself to turn away from it.

It is not a matter of control, or who is better at holding it, not when there are other matters at play. If only she knew what was causing this to happen so suddenly, or why it is so intense and so random. All she knows is that she would not expect Marshal to be the second to lose control, if these were normal circumstances, but he groans and hangs his head as he begins to wet himself, and Grimsley is not far behind him, losing it in the moment, and soaking his pants with a sharp sigh.

Caitlin does try to fight it then, and even goes so far as to turn around and try to step forward, but that is all she is able to manage. She has her hand pressed into her lap, dress pressed right against her, so when she starts to wet herself, a damp spot grows on her dress, and she is not able to stop it before it has already grown too much to ignore. She can’t help it anymore than anyone else can, and so, she just gives up, stopping and whimpering as she begins to pee herself full force.

The four of them all look defeated and confused, and already, Bettie is pretty certain she is not going to get anything new out of them if she questions them. It seems like they would just give her the same answers that Kris and Jasmine did, and she wonders if she needs to find people who have not yet gotten caught up in the desperation, to observe them until it happens. The only problem with that being that she has no idea if they are going to get struck with it or not. There is no real way to predict how or when it is going to show up, no guarantee that everyone is going to end up in that situation.

After all, she is still free and clear, not counting the natural urge that had already been building up in her. Maybe that is a factor? Maybe whatever they are doing can’t override it if you already have to go? Bettie has no idea how that would make sense but, at the same time, she does not really understand how any of this works. In that way, it makes sense that none of this makes sense to her. And that just makes it that much harder not to get discouraged in her search, especially when she knows that she does not want to have to wet herself either. She would rather avoid that if she can, and right now, there is nothing stopping her from going to the bathroom before it gets too bad.

But she is already searching, and she might as well do what she can to keep pursuing that truth. If she can help anyone at all, she wants to, and that means putting her own needs second. Besides, it is not that bad yet, and if she were in the middle of a battle, or something like that, she would not even allow herself to be distracted by it, just pushing it out of her mind until it was over with. That means that she is just fine for now, that she can keep going for a while yet.

So what should she do next? She still has no answers for that, but she can at least keep looking for people, in the hope that inspiration might strike, or some sort of answer might reveal itself. Her search soon brings her to a clearing where she can see Mallow and Lana battling each other, and she decides to hide and watch for a little while. If nothing happens after a couple minutes, she supposes she can give up and leave, but she just wants to see if either one of them gets struck by the sudden desperation, and if she can figure out what is triggering it. Just a little while, perhaps until their battle is done, and if nothing has happened by then, she can give up and look for someone else, and hope for some results then.

Of course, the battle is not easy for her to watch, not with Lana’s specialty being in Water Pokemon. It makes Bettie squirm a bit from where she watches, her need making itself a lot more known in the moment. She bites her lip and tries to forget that, tries to focus only on the girls in front of her, and what they are dealing with. Both seem fine right now, but there is still a chance that they might-

There! A troubled expression crosses Mallow’s face as a Water attack misses her Pokemon and gets a little too close to her. As she crosses her legs, Lana starts shifting as well, the urge definitely striking her as well, neither of them able to conceal it once it hits. Their desperation is so immediately obvious, and Bettie could not look away if she wanted to, so curious to see what will happen next.

Mallow holds herself, hands jammed between her legs as she says, “Wait, could we maybe take a break? And finish training later?”

“I agree,” Lana mumbles, rubbing her legs together. “Why don’t we just…you know…” She looks off in the direction of a bush, clearly already so desperate that she is rendered shameless. Well, it is obvious enough that they are not going to make it to any sort of bathroom already, so there is no point in trying to have shame. They just need to do whatever they can to try and avoid making a mess of their clothes.

But they don’t even have time for that. Bettie watches them scramble as they try to figure out what to do with their Pokemon, and that takes too long, though it is entirely possible that it would not have mattered what they did. They were destined to lose control either way, destined to end up wetting themselves just like this.

Mallow and Lana lose control at nearly the same instant, so close together that Bettie can’t actually tell which of them loses it first. All she knows is that there are soon dark patches spreading on Mallow’s overalls and on Lana’s pants, and that both girls are gasping and whimpering, groaning as they try and fight it, even though stopping it at this point is completely impossible.

A mess is made of their clothes, their streams quite impressive for something that came on out of nowhere. All at once, Bettie realizes that she should probably leave quickly, before they realize that she was watching them, furthering their embarrassment. From what she was able to see, nothing special happened, but perhaps she just missed something. She is not sure, and it is starting to get really discouraging. How is she going to figure out the source of this if it all seems completely random, and how is she going to stop it from happening again if she can’t figure out what the source is?

The longer she takes, the more people are going to end up wetting themselves. Her search out here is not doing much for her, so maybe she should try and find somewhere else to look. Also, maybe she should take advantage of the chance to go to the bathroom, if she has such a chance along the way. The bathroom would not be the worst place to try and investigate, if not for the fact that it does not seem a lot of people get the chance to make it there.

On second thought, maybe that is not the best idea. Though she would love to relieve herself, she knows that she can keep holding it, and that she has more important things to focus on. She will try and look elsewhere, and if she really can’t hold it anymore, then she will take a chance to pop in the bathroom. But the most important thing is to find more trainers to try and find answers from, to see if she notices absolutely anything going on around them that might give a clue.

She heads to the residential area of the island, where people have been staying while on the island. It would be easier to reach a bathroom here for any desperate parties, and she is kind of curious if it is completely impossible, or if any of them would make it, should they be close enough. If not, that might mean that there is something in place to ensure they wet themselves, desperation ramped up if they get too close to a bathroom. If that is the case, it would imply some method to watch them, and more direct control. Bettie still can’t even wrap her head around how something like that would be possible, but she is determined to find out, if that is the case.

Rather than happening upon desperate trainers searching for a bathroom, though, she finds something else. Despite being close enough to their rooms to do this somewhere more private, Bettie happens upon N and Hilda in a very intimate situation, tucked behind one of the buildings. They are so wrapped up in this that they do not even notice her approach, and Bettie finds herself frozen in place, so curious that she can’t bring herself to leave. This is different from what drove her to hide and watch Mallow and Lana, but she is embarrassed by how eager she is, and though she tries to urge herself to leave before it gets too weird, she just can’t.

They are so wrapped up in each other that nothing else seems to matter to them, but just when Bettie is finally starting to convince herself that she is not going to get any useful information here, and that she is wasting valuable time by standing around watching, something happens. They are suddenly both very uncomfortable, despite their pleasure, and it is obvious enough what the cause of that is.

“Just a second,” N groans, as he forces himself to pull back. Either they are comfortable enough with each other that this is not embarrassing, or have done this before, or their desperation is that great that neither of them actually care. Whatever the case, he has no issue peeing on the ground right next to her, sighing in relief as he lets himself give into that sudden desperation. It does not really count as wetting himself, but Bettie highly doubts that he would have been able to make it to a proper bathroom, had he decided to get up and try.

Hilda, on the other hand, does not seem to intend to pee, but when he starts going, she can’t help herself. All at once, she whimpers and loses control, but since she is naked, it has no real negative consequences. Soon enough, a relieved expression comes over her face, and she does not seem nearly as bothered by this. It must feel good to just let go like this, and Bettie finds herself squeezing her thighs together in envy, once again asking herself if it is really worth trying to hold it just for this.

But she reminds herself that she needs to find answers, and when N and Hilda immediately get right back to what they were doing, acting as if they were not even interrupted, she knows that she is not going to get the answers that she needs here. Finally, she is able to convince herself to turn and leave before they notice her, and she wonders if that was even worth it. All she got was a show she really should not have seen, and she still has no idea what any of this has to do with the mass desperation and wettings.

She has no idea where to go to here, which makes her realize that she has not really had any idea from the start. She has just been blindly chasing the answers, without knowing where to look for them, without having even the slightest idea what could have been causing this. It is only now, as she wanders the streets, that she realizes she was completely unprepared for this, and that she might not be able to help at all. It is easy to get discouraged when she thinks about it like that, but she shakes her head, trying to forget that negative thought.

While it is true that she might be chasing nothing here, that is no reason for her to give it. She does not know that for sure, and if there is even the slightest chance that she might be able to help, she needs to keep looking. Even if her bladder is protesting the delays, even if she is very aware of how close to a few public bathrooms that she is. Not until she is able to get a solid clue, and until she knows for sure that her own need to pee is not connected to this somehow, and every bit as hopeless as anyone who is subjected to the sudden and intense desperation.

“Hey, Bettie! What are you up to out here?” Dawn calls to her. Bettie turns to see her walking alongside Serena, the two of them looking as if they just got back from baking together. Neither one of them seems to be struggling at all, and they are both dry, at least as far as Bettie can tell.

“I think Team Break might be up to something, and I’m trying to figure that out,” she replies.

“Oh no, for real?” Serena groans. “Do you have any idea what they’re doing?”

“Kind of? I’m not really sure how they’re doing it, though, so that’s what I’m searching for,” Bettie says. She is careful not to give them any further information, not wanting to influence what may happen to them, or how they may react. She decides to walk with them for a little while, just to see if anything happens. Though she noticed nothing when she watched Mallow and Lana from afar, there is a chance that she might have better luck if she is up close and personal when it happens. If it happens, but by now, she is pretty sure that it is inevitable, and that, since the two of them have not wet themselves yet, they are the right people to be watching.

“Is there anything we can do to help?” Dawn asks.

“I don’t know. I’m just trying to keep my eyes peeled for any suspicious activity, and you two can do the same,” Bettie replies.

“Come to think of it, I have noticed something really weird. I mean, I wouldn’t think it would be connected, but since you mentioned it…I mean, I can’t think of any other reason why it would be happening,” she continues.

“Are you talking about what happened with Siebold?” Serena asks.

“And those girls we saw on the way over here,” Dawn agrees with a nod.

Though Bettie is pretty sure she already knows what they are talking about, she asks them to fill her in. It turns out, while they were baking, they witnessed Siebold wetting himself, and on their way back, they saw a group of female trainers in the same situation. They also thought it was strange that it happened to so many people, and they do not even know just how often it has been occurring all over.

“Yeah, that was what I was-” Bettie starts, cut off when the two of them both gasp at once, eyes going wide. There is no time to further discuss things, because they have both been caught up in the rapid desperation as well, neither one of them able to fight it off once it takes hold of them, and neither able to understand where it came from, when they had both been feeling just fine up until this point.

“Sorry, but I really need to-” Dawn starts, trying to excuse herself. However, it is already too late for her to do anything about it.

“Me too, I…” Serena trails off, meeting the same fate.

She can only watch as they both wet themselves at exactly the same time. It is unlikely enough that the two of them would have it happen at once, but they are not even the only pair that has had this happen. If Bettie did not already know that this was Team Break’s doing, this encounter alone would be enough to make her suspicious.

Instead, it just leaves her feeling bad for both of them, as they wet themselves right in the middle of the street, probably close to where they were trying to go in the first place. Their adorable outfits are ruined by the contents of their previously empty bladders, a very impressive amount, all things considered. And Bettie just watches them both, unable to help them, and also unable to turn around and give them the privacy that they need.

She squeezes her thighs together, finding that her own urge is getting worse due to watching the two of them. The puddles on the ground are sizable by the time they are both empty, and Bettie feels her need even worse than ever before. There is an awkward silence before one of the girls speak up.

“I guess that came on out of nowhere because of something that Team Break is doing?” Dawn asks.

“I don’t know exactly how they’re doing it, but that seems like the most likely explanation,” Bettie replies. “Did you notice anything at all out of the ordinary?”

She is not surprised by the fact that neither of them did. To them, everything was just like normal, up until the moment that it wasn’t anymore, and it was the same when they saw it happen to others. No matter what she looks into or how she tries to investigate things, there is never any sign of what is going on, no answers that might actually lead her to the truth. This is the perfect scheme, in terms of being impossible to trace and therefore impossible to put a stop to, but the actual purpose is still unknown.

More than likely, this is meant to decrease morale and create a distraction from what they are really planning on doing, but Bettie can’t even figure that much out. No matter what, it all seems to be completely hopeless, and her own need to pee is getting so bad that she can hardly stand it. She does not want to give up on everything right now, but ultimately, she knows that she is getting nowhere fast, and like that, it is hard not to succumb to the bad feelings, and hard not to want to throw in the towel and stop caring about what happens.

She is close enough to a bathroom that she can definitely make it, once Dawn and Serena have gone their separate ways, needing to get changed and cleaned up. Bettie is just about to decide to do that, when she gets a call on her Poryphone.

“Hello?” she asks, trying to keep any strain out of her voice.

“Bettie? It’s Paulo,” the voice on the other end says. Her rival does not often call her unless it is something important, and she is pretty sure she has a good idea what he is calling about. “Look, I don’t want to say too much over the phone in case someone is listening in, but…well, me and Tina have noticed some really weird things happening around, and we wanted to see if you could meet up and talk about it?”

Bettie does not know what talking about it on the phone could really hurt, even if Team Break is somehow tapping their phones, but she decides not to argue on that. As much as she wants to go to the bathroom, she knows that, if Paulo and Tina have been on the case too, then that means things are serious, and that she should not try and ignore the situation to focus on herself. She can hold it a little bit longer; this has been her sign that she needs to keep trying, rather than giving up.

“I’ll be right there,” she replies. She wonders if either of them have wet themselves yet, or if they have been lucky, like her. Well, she would not call herself completely lucky, considering she does really have to go, and will have to do something about that sooner rather than later, but the need has built up naturally, and she is not going to be forced to wet herself, or anything like that. Whatever the case, she just wonders if either of them have been victims of the situation yet or not, if they have just noticed it in others or experienced it all firsthand.

She can focus on things just a little bit longer, if the three of them can put their heads together and figure this out. For all she knows, they have more information, something that might actually help her make some progress. Maybe, if all three of them work together, this will not be a problem for much longer, and no one will have to suddenly wet themselves, without even having a chance to go to the bathroom.

By the time Bettie realizes that this was a bad idea, she is too far gone to turn back and head to the bathroom, but as she goes, she realizes maybe she should have taken a break after all. It would not have taken that much time, and she would have still been able to meet up with the two of them, once she had taken care of that. It’s just that now, she really does feel like she could wet herself at any moment, and is starting to understand just how desperate everyone else must have felt, while they were brought to the very edge of control, struggling for those last futile seconds before they lost all control.

She really does not want to lose control, but she can’t turn back now. The other two are waiting for her, and she will figure something out after she talks to them. She will figure something out once she reaches her destination, if she has to, but she is not going to let anything delay her from at least getting there, and seeing what happens. Even if each step makes her feel like her bladder is about to burst, even if she has to pee worse than she ever has in all her life. Even if every step makes her realize how stupid it was for her to keep holding it while she investigated, when her slowly building desperation has done nothing to help her understand the sudden desperation at all.

But Paulo and Tina are right in front of her now, just a little further to go before she reaches both of them. They both look dry from where she is, and neither seem to be uncomfortable at all, but for all she knows, they cleaned up after their accidents. She will not know what has happened to them until she is actually able to talk to them, but at least in the moment, she is jealous of how comfortable they look, not burdened by their bladders in the slightest.

At least, at first. But once she starts to get close enough to them that they could start talking, their expressions immediately shift, and she knows exactly what is happening to them. Paulo’s legs snap together, as he tries to fight off the urge that has just hit him, and a hand flies between Tina’s legs as she tries to hold herself, reacting on reflex, as if there is anything she can really do to delay it anymore. Bettie feels a stab of sympathy for them instead of jealousy now, but even that feeling is replaced by something else in no time at all.

She has pushed herself too far, and she can’t hold it anymore. As much as she tries to fight it, holding herself just like Tina does, by the time she reaches them, she is every bit as desperate as they are. It may have built up over time and may have been entirely her own doing, but now each of them is in the same boat, and, all at once, they each lose control over their bladders before they even have a chance to start talking to each other.

Bettie lets herself relax once she realizes she can’t stop it anymore. Her shoulders sag as her shorts are soaked through, and she tries not to let her shame take her, even though she knows it is all her own fault. No one else has to know that, of course, and as far as Tina and Paulo know, she was just hit at the same time as them. Either way, the two of them end up just as soaked as she is, and since they are far from the only ones to have wet themselves today, there is at least no need to worry about anyone else making a big deal out of it.

Now that her bladder is empty, and now that she has her friends to help her, Bettie hopes that she can actually get to the bottom of this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

*001*2023-11-09 22:47

A/N: a new chapter with more characters

Leaf has no idea what is going to unfold when she goes out to train with Lorelei that day. As far as she knows, it is a day just like any other, and she is quite glad for a chance to be able to train with someone that she admires so much. Ever since coming to Pasio, she and Lorelei have had the chance to get a lot closer with each other, and, as a result, she has been training with her, and the two of them have even started talking about being on a team together some time, if they have the chance.

With all that in mind, she is pretty optimistic for the day, not realizing the turn that it is going to take. But, of course, why would she know? How could she predict something that no one else would think would be possible in the first place? There isn’t really anyone who would be able to predict that there would be a series of wettings because of some mysterious scheme, something that triggered a response in the bladders of those who were hit with it, a response that left them suddenly desperate, so much so that it causes them to quickly lose control and start wetting themselves.

Even if she knew anything about it, there would not be anything that she could do to avoid getting caught up in it, when the time came. Whether she went to train with Lorelei, or whether she stayed in to try and keep out of the way, she would not be able to hide from the desperation, and so, foresight would only do so much for her. But Leaf does not have any foresight at all, nor does anyone else, and so, they all continue living their lives like always, ready for another pleasant and unremarkable day on the island that they have come to call home.

But things start to get strange while they are training. Things may start out normal enough, but it is while Lorelei is explaining something to her that things shift, that she suddenly looks very panicked, so much so that Leaf is immediately worried, not sure what is going on, or why Lorelei would freak out like this. It does not take very long for the answer to come to her though, as the older woman’s knees buckle, a hand darting down to the front of her skirt, pushing into it on reflex. Leaf would recognize this sort of body language anywhere, but it seems out of place on a grown adult, rather than a young child.

Whatever the case, her reflexes do nothing for her, and Lorelei has already started to wet herself, much to Leaf’s shock. She can’t believe that she is actually seeing this, that something like this would really happen in front of her, and that Lorelei would be in a position where she would push herself hard enough to wet herself. Let alone a relaxed position like this, where she could have excused herself at any time, rather than forcing herself to hold it until the point that she finally lost control. It really seems like it comes out of nowhere, and Leaf does not know how she should feel about what is happening in front of her.

Lorelei seems pretty confused as well, as if she does not even know what is happening to her, as if she did not realize that holding it like that would surely result in her wetting herself. It almost makes it seem like she did not realize that she had to go at all, but Leaf can’t make sense of how something like that would even happen. None of this makes a bit of sense, but before she can think too much on it, something suddenly shifts inside of her.

She realizes that she needs to pee now, when she felt no urge to before. Not only that, but the urge is quite a strong one to have just made itself known for the first time, and that is enough to make her start to panic, just like Lorelei did. Suddenly, she starts to think that maybe it is not so impossible for Lorelei to not have just held it for too long, and to really have been surprised by everything that happened to her, but she still does not know what is going on, or how any of this could have happened.

That being said, she does not really have the time to think it through, either. She saw Lorelei wet herself as a result of whatever this is, but that does not mean that she is going to end up in that same situation, not if she can help it. Immediately, Leaf forces herself to push past that panic, so that she can instead start focusing on getting out of this situation before it becomes too much for her to bear. The nearest bathroom is still a good distance away, but if she makes a break for it right now, then there is still hope that she might make it, and once she has emptied her bladder somewhere other than her own panties, she can try and think about what is happening, what happened to her and what happened to Lorelei.

With that in mind, she breaks into a run, trying too ignore the way that each step jostles her bladder, making it feel worse as she moves, especially when coupled with the way that it seems to get more intense on its own, as if it keeps growing. None of this makes a bit of sense, and Leaf wishes that there were some sort of explanation, but more than that, she wishes that they had been training just a little bit closer to a public bathroom, so that she did not have to worry about whether or not she would make it through all of this, when she did not even have to go a few minutes ago, all of this too sudden.

Leaf is on a mission right now, but it is still impossible for her to miss the things that are happening around her, as it seems that Lorelei is definitely not the only one that falls victim to this sort of situation. It seems like it is plaguing everyone in sight, which is definitely not normal, not by a long shot. She has never seen anything like this before in all her life, and she has traveled quite a bit, and seen a lot of strange and amazing things along the way.

Still, there is nothing compared to what is going on here on the island of Pasio.

~X~

Sonia and Leon are oblivious to the strange happenings on the island as well, and are just spending some time together. Leon has been so happy ever since Sonia traveled here as well, glad that their relationship is no longer long distance. The two of them have been close for a long time, so it only makes sense that they fell in love somewhere along the way, and now, they are able to enjoy a lot of time together. When they are not training or battling, they are with each other, making sure to express their love for each other in mostly physical ways.

It is while they are kissing each other that this strange event hits them as well. Since they have no reason to be expecting it, and have not seen it happen to anyone else, even, it is a complete shock to the two of them when Leon starts pissing himself completely out of nowhere.

He springs back from her, not wanting to get her wet, and can feel his face burning in humiliation as he tries to understand what is going on right now. One minute, he did not feel the need to go at all, and the next, he was pissing himself full force, soaking his uniform in no time at all. And, before Sonia can really process what is happening to Leon, it is happening to her as well.

She looks down in shock to watch the way the dark patch spreads on her thin jeans, making a complete mess of herself so suddenly, with no explanation for it. Neither of them know what to do, or what to make of any of this, but they are far from alone in what is going on right now.

~X~

Leaf witnesses this happen to the two of them, starting to get to the point where it is not that much of a shock to see two grown adults piss themselves without warning. She could not help glancing when she saw how lovey dovey they were being out in the open, only to have their romantic moment ruined by whatever is going on right now. Leaf is still not clear on that, but she is still way too desperate to really worry about what it could mean. She does not want to end up like any of them, so she continues on.

But she still sees more victims along the way, and the numbers only grow by the moment, leaving her wondering why she has been able to make it this far. Still, she is not one to question a good thing, and decides that she just needs to keep pressing on, in the hopes that her good luck will hold out, unlike the rest of these poor people. She hears sniffling, only to find another victim standing off to the side of one of the paths.

~X~

Candice just can’t believe that something like this could happen to her, when she did not even feel like she needed to go. She was just training with Maylene like she always does, and nothing felt even remotely off in the moment. At that time, she was just enjoying herself, and then, she felt a sudden and strong urge to pee, one that was so intense that she was already at the end of that battle, even though it felt as if it had just begun.

Before she even had a chance to figure out what was going on, she had already lost control, and that was the end of that. Once she started peeing, she could not stop, and there was no way to hide what was happening from Maylene. Still, Maylene does not seem to think any less of her, comforting her for this accident, letting her know that everything is going to be just fine.

It always feels better to have Maylene comfort her, but just when Candice starts to feel better about the whole situation, Maylene suddenly pulls back, gasping and jamming her hands between her legs. Candice’s eyes widen as she realizes that the same thing is happening to Maylene, who never seemed like she was struggling at all. But there she is, wetting herself right in front of Candice, and there is no denying a sight right before her very eyes. Now, she is just confused about what has happened to her, and if there is something going on outside of their control, something causing them both to wet themselves.

At least, in a situation like that, she would not have to feel quite as embarrassed about her accident, and neither would Maylene. But right now, neither of them know much, and both would much rather go get cleaned up and changed than dwell on how strange all of that was.

~X~

Leaf witnesses the moment that Maylene wets herself just as Candice starts to cheer up, but she does not stick around to see what is going on with them. She has her own problems to worry about right now, so that she does not end up in such a humiliating position. She knows better than to stop right now, to slow down for even a single second, when she does not know how much time she has left, before she falls victim to the same accidents that everyone else seems to be having right now.

If only the bathroom weren’t so far away, if only she were a little bit faster, and if only there weren’t people peeing themselves in every direction that she looks. No matter what she does, she can’t escape all of this, and no matter how hard she tries to move faster, she is limited in what she is able to do, without jostling herself so much that she risks losing control. All of this is just too much, but she is still not wet, so she has to keep trying, before she ends up a hopeless case just like all the others that she has seen. There is still hope for her, so she wants to think that she can make it through.

~X~

It is just a normal day for Hau and Selene, just as it has been for everyone else. They are no more suspecting of what is going to happen to them, as they train and flirt and have fun together, just like they always have, ever since they first met back in Alola. The two of them are the best of friends, so even now, they might as well be inseparable, with today being no exception.

It is so sudden when it happens, first to Hau. He is laughing at something that she has said, when he suddenly stops short, hit by a wave of desperation out of nowhere, and at first thinking it is just because he is laughing too much. He tries to calm himself down, so that he can get a better hold of himself, and then excuse himself to find somewhere to pee, but it is already too late for him.

Hau doesn’t end up in situations like this a lot, because he is not shy about going to the bathroom when he needs to, and not worried about letting loose while he is outside, as long as he can get a hint of privacy. He has no idea how this is happening, how he is seriously soaking his own shorts right now. And when he looks up, Moon isn’t even worried about him, because she has her hands jammed between her legs, holding herself and whining out as she starts to wet herself as well.

At that point, he finds it hard to look away, forgetting the way he is still peeing himself. He just stares at the dark spot growing on Moon’s shorts, not sure how he is supposed to feel about all of this, but at least certain that it should not make his heart pound to watch Moon lose control. It is only when his stream slows to a stop that he remembers he just wet himself, but at least he is not alone in this. Though he isn’t happy for anything bad happening to Moon, he is still glad that she has been distracted by her own situation, and that they can just comfort each other over a similar occurrence.

Selene does not feel good about her situation, but, just as Hau expects, she feels a little bit better having him to comfort her, and to know that she was not the only one who ended up like this. Neither of them understand why they ended up in a situation like this to begin with, but for right now, they are just glad to have each other, and glad that they are able to be so laid back about such things.

~X~

As for Leaf, she is not doing good at all, and seeing them like that just hurts. She has to keep hustling, not able to stick around to make sure that the two of them are actually doing okay, because she is well and truly at her limit, with no hope of making it if she doesn’t get to the bathroom in the next few minutes. Fortunately, she is nearly there, the public bathroom in sight. There are others losing control between here and there, all of them clearly having tried and failed to make it.

Leaf does not want to be another one of those, so she pushes herself just a little bit harder. It is not a good idea to go too fast, but when she is this close, both to the bathroom and to losing control, she has to make whatever choices that she can, in order to make sure that she can get through this day a bit drier than those that she has seen.

Each step is painful, but she is nearly there now, and at last, she starts to feel a bit relieved, so sure that this is it, that she is finally going to make it, and be spared the fate that seems inevitable for everyone else. She is so sure of that, all the way up until the moment that she begins to lose control, just outside of the bathroom, before she has even laid a hand on the door.

Leaf is, naturally, horrified by her fate, finding it impossible to believe that this is really happening, that she is actually losing control right here and right now. After everything that she has done to make it this far, she can’t make it those last few steps to avoid completely soaking herself, and just like that, Leaf loses control of her bladder.

It feels good to let go, when she forgets the fact that she is wetting herself. The relief is so good that it is almost possible to forget it completely, but not quite. She still remembers how hard she fought to get here, only for it to all be for nothing, and she wishes that she could have just made it out of this situation without soaking her panties. Still, there are definitely worse times to wet herself, and at least in a crown of people who can’t seem to stop themselves from doing it, she is not going to stand out in the slightest. She can take some comfort in that.
