Zapp Renfro's Commission Thread

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-08-04 22:54

Hopefully the final time I remake my commission thread. I've decided it's most efficient to keep my commission slots listed at the bottom of my commission info doc, so that's part of the reason I wanted a clean thread.

Now, without further ado, here is my commission information!

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xbV3B0oL9PdLxz72qsWuYQ-g12ynnCyFt1dCPLP5wq8/edit?usp=sharing

In addition, I have reformatted my patreon to focus on all my writing, rather than just my omorashi-centered writing. Though I will still post omo fics on there, I'm not setting any specific goals regarding omo fics. However, if having a regularly reserved commission slot is your thing, I have tiers on there that are the same as my commissions, so it's worth checking out! https://www.patreon.com/zappobrien

Finally, I am going to try to run a special, where any fics involving Fire Emblem: Three Houses are 20% off the base price, running until the end of the month. I will have three additional slots just for those.

$5 fics are $4 in the Three Houses special, $10 fics are $8, $15 fics $12, and $20 fics are $16. Any additional words are the same price, as it is only 20% off the base price!

As mentioned before, the Three Houses special will run until the end of August.

*001*2019-08-05 02:46

Here are some examples of my work, regarding omorashi:

The top kudos result for omo on my account, its MCU Peter Parker with SpiderIron undertones, but it's also from three years ago: https://archiveofourown.org/works/6829249

This was a commission, two separate stories about Shoto Todoroki, one being TodoDeku and another being TodoBaku:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/13015998

This one is about Xander from Fire Emblem, turns sexual towards the end so heed the tags:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/10446432

Toru Hagakure, because yes, I do write girls:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/13092609

Lua Klein, my waifu for laifu, in an intentional wetting with her murder fiance:

@@https://archiveofourown.org/works/7449484

A Gunter x Corrin commission, in which FCorrin does the wetting:

@@https://archiveofourown.org/works/17844161

Finally, Zapp Renfro, Leo Watch, and Zed O'Brien:

@@https://archiveofourown.org/works/18081149

*002*2019-08-08 16:57

My first Three Houses slot has filled!

*003*2019-08-14 02:29

Two out of three Three Houses slots have filled, and three out of five of my regular slots have filled!

*004*2019-08-18 01:32

One of my 3H Commissions is complete, and it's relevant enough to share here but not so relevant that I think it should have its own thread. It's got some wetting in it, but mostly very sexual in nature, so please heed the tags.

@@https://archiveofourown.org/works/20271430

*005*2019-08-21 22:03

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed2522997015" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:220px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52388-stable-duty-a-fire-emblem-three-houses-fanfiction/?do=embed"

I completed a fairly relevant 3H commission!

*006*2019-08-25 21:24

3H sale ends at the end of this week!

*007*2019-09-03 21:51

The Three Houses sale is officially over, so as I finish the commissions in those slots, they will be deleted. I currently have two normal commission slots open!

For the month of September, all new patrons will get a 10% their next commission, redeemable after October 1st (so that you don't become a patron and drop before it charges, after the commission is done). If you choose a monthly commission tier, then the coupon is only applicable to commissions purchased separately from your patreon rewards.

If you do this, just DM me on patreon after becoming a patron with something like "hey i'm from omoorg" or whatever, and I'll take your name down and contact you after October 1st with commission information.

During the month of October, I will be posting all of my Kinktober fics I manage to get done there, so they will be posted publicly with a week's delay (so the last week of October will be posted publicly during the first week of November).

*008*2019-09-08 03:48

Ah, so, my position at my job is disappearing at the end of the month so all the part timers (myself included) are being released into the wild. I need to get some financial cushion in case it takes me some time to find a job, so I'm not adding five more slots to commissions. They will definitely take closer to a full month to complete, so bear the wait time in mind, but I would really appreciate anything!

Same goes for new patrons, even just a dollar pledge helps! And spreading the word also helps, so if you've got twitter and want to retweet my posts about it, that would also be a big help!

*009*2019-09-23 18:17

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9376188819" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:222px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/53001-all-in-a-days-challenge-a-fire-emblem-three-houses-fanfiction/?do=embed"

Bumping with another relevant commission I finished!

