Mass pasio peeing (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-23 14:04

A/N: Most of this story is spontaneous peeing and the aftermath. Not as much desperation as there is peeing, but that was the theme of the commission.

Jeff is one of the main janitors on Pasio, and he sees quite a lot of interesting and troubling messes in his time. In a place like this, with so many trainers from all over the world gathered together on this one island, it makes sense that he would have more varied work than anywhere else. Still, there are some incidents that stand out more than others, and some that are just outright ridiculous.

And, still, all of that pales in comparison to what Jeff experiences on one very specific day.

There comes a day when something very strange happens; everyone wets themselves within a short time of one another. Every single trainer on the island is overcome with their sudden need, and without warning, they all lose control. It happens in the streets, in the shops, in the arenas mid-battle- dozens of battles interrupted by gasps, shrieks, and the unmistakable pattering sound of accidents in progress. No age, rank, or reputation is spared. Champions, Elite Four members, gym leaders, kids, tourists— one moment they’re confidently going about their day, the next they’re blinking in horror, staring down at the spreading dampness on their pants, skirts, tights, or even their swimsuits.

Jeff doesn’t witness the very first one- he’s in one of the massive shopping malls, polishing the floors outside the Pokemart- but he hears it. A sharp, mortified cry from around the corner. Then another, and another. At first, he assumes it’s some sort of flash mob or marketing stunt. Pasio has seen stranger. But then the smell hits. Faint, but real, with the familiar sting of urine.

He rounds the corner and sees the crowd frozen in place, horrified faces all looking down. There’s a silence, thick and awkward, broken only by the squish of a nervous shoe and the distant hum of music still playing from someone’s Poryphone. And then it spreads; like dominoes, the entire crowd succumbs to the same inexplicable fate. Grown adults clutch themselves in a panic. Trainers try to flee for the bathrooms, but it’s already too late. People trip, slip, and in some cases, just stand there in shock as the warm reality sets in.

Jeff watches it unfold in real time with a kind of resigned awe. He drops his mop with a soft clatter and exhales, long and low.

“…Okay,” he says aloud, to no one in particular. “That’s new.”

The mall is only the beginning.

Jeff soon finds himself rerouted by emergency message- one of those intercom alerts that usually warns about a battle blocking traffic or an unexpected weather shift from a rebellious Castform. But this one is short and surreal:

“All zones, sanitation needed. Urgent, incident status is island wide.”

The incident seems to be going on everywhere. That’s enough for Jeff to know it’s serious.

By the time he reaches the main promenade, the streets look like the aftermath of some major water battle. No scorch marks, no cracked stone, just a trail of shame and damp footsteps. Every bench is occupied by trainers in varying degrees of emotional collapse. Some sit with their heads in their hands. Some pretend nothing’ is wrong. A pair of twins are laughing uncontrollably at each other. A girl is crying while her friend awkwardly tries to shield the wet stain on her shorts with his coat, ignoring the stain on his own pants meanwhile.

Jeff rolls up with his cleaning cart. Eyes follow him like he’s a grim reaper in a janitor’s vest. He hoses the ground down, sprays disinfectant, mops in silence. He moves to the benches next, where he finds a popular Kalosian designer sniffling in her soaked clothing.

“You don’t have to say anything,” Valerie mutters as he lays down absorbent pads and begins to clean. “Just… I’m sorry for making such a filthy mess.”

Jeff doesn’t even glance at her. “Lady, I clean up after Muks and Trubbish on a regular basis. I promise you’re not the filthiest part of my day.”

His mop squeaks softly as he swabs the pavement. The scent is hanging in the air now— not overpowering, but constant. Jeff moves through food courts where drinks go untouched now. He passes a restroom with a line down the block, even now, long after the crisis point. Inside, trainers are doing damage control with paper towels and wet wipes. Someone’s thrown out a pair of pants into the sink.

The worst is the battle stadium.

The arena floors are soaked- even drainage for Water Pokemon isn’t ready for this spill.. Sandstorm arenas have turned to slush. Electric arenas have been shut off, just in case. One poor maintenance man is using a push broom to herd the puddles toward the outer gates.

Jeff sighs. “Gonna need the big mop.”

He returns to his cart and unlocks a special compartment. A wide, industrial-sized microfiber roller is hauled out like a holy relic. He straps it on, flexes his shoulders, and marches into the arena with all the purpose of a man accepting his fate.

Around him, trainers murmur apologies. Some try to offer help. A few look away, ashamed. Jeff just nods and rolls the mop through the carnage. In his head, he starts assigning ranks. “Champion-tier accident,” he mutters at one splash pattern. “That’s at least semi-final quality.”

~X~

The sun is still hanging high over the training cliffs when silence finally settles. Not the good kind, either. It’s the kind of silence that rolls in when nobody knows what to say.

Iris stands in a puddle of her own making, eyes wide with shock, lips braids twitching slightly with each panicked breath. Her hands are still clenched at her side. Her shorts are soaked through and it’s obvious- darker fabric clinging to her legs, the stain trailing down to her knees, puddling in the dust around her feet.

A few feet away, Brycen hasn’t moved either. His mask hides most of his expression, but his posture says enough: rigid, still, arms by his sides like a statue that’s just remembered it can feel shame. The front of his pants are wet, with an unmistakable spreading stain darkening the fabric. It’s one of those situations where no amount of composure can fix what’s happened.

Diantha, ever graceful, sits on a flat rock nearby. She had been stretching between training, a towel draped over one shoulder. Now, the towel is bunched across her lap in a futile attempt at dignity. Her white skirt is visibly damp, especially around the crotch and seat. She breathes through her nose, steady and composed in every way except her flushed cheeks.

For a while, none of them speak.

“…I didn’t even feel it coming,” Iris finally mutters. Her voice cracks at the end. “I was fine. I was fine! And then…ugh!” She groans, stomping one foot, but the squish it makes cuts through her frustration, and she winces. “This is the worst.”

Brycen tilts his head, still silent. Diantha gently folds her towel, setting it aside. Her face remains calm, but her voice is soft. “It’s not your fault, Iris.”

“I know that,” Iris says, a bit too quickly. “I mean, yeah. Obviously. Still! I haven’t wet myself in such a long time!”

“I doubt any of us made it past today with our record intact,” Diantha says, glancing to Brycen.

The masked man gives a slow, deliberate nod.

“Great. So we all peed our pants. That’s comforting,” Iris grumbles.

Brycen finally speaks, voice calm and deep. “There is no shame in a response beyond our control. Shame belongs to weakness of character, not of body.”

Iris blinks. “That’s…okay, that’s kinda cool, actually.”

Diantha lets out a soft, breathy laugh. “Well said, Brycen. Though I must admit, I’d rather find my strength of character without quite so much…personal moisture.”

Iris snorts, halfway amused, halfway still miserable. “Same. This is gonna go down as the most embarrassing training session of my life.” She glances down at her legs again, wrinkling her nose. “Ugh.”

She sighs again and rubs her arm, cheeks still burning. “I feel gross. Like… super gross. And I smell gross. I want a shower, maybe, and to pretend this never happened.”

Diantha picks herself up carefully from the rock, smoothing her skirt with quiet grace, even though the fabric clings in all the wrong places. “We’ll have to go get cleaned up. I imagine we’re far from the only ones heading that way.”

“I don’t wanna see anyone,” Iris mutters. “I don’t want to be seen. I just want to dig a hole and live there now.”

Brycen steps forward with the poise one would expect from a man like him, dignified and deliberate, even if not entirely dry. Diantha gives Iris a soft nudge on the shoulder. “Come on. We’ll stick together. No one will say a word if we’re with Brycen. Who’d dare?”

That earns a tiny laugh from Iris, who wipes at her face with her sleeve and starts moving. Her shoes squelch faintly with every step. “If I have to walk around in wet shorts, at least I’m not doing it alone.”

~X~

Jasmine hides behind the vending machines. She knows it’s not dignified- she's crouched awkwardly between a recycled steel bin and a snack dispenser stocked with cookies and overpriced bottled water- but it’s quiet here, and more importantly, out of sight. Her knees are hugged to her chest, her long hair draped forward like a curtain to shield her face. She doesn't want anyone to see her like this.

Her skirt is damp. Not just damp- soaked. Her panties underneath are clinging to her skin, cold and uncomfortable, and the insides of her thighs are starting to itch. Every time she shifts, she hears the faint, awful squish of movement, and her stomach twists in on itself all over again.

It had happened so fast. One second she was browsing the accessory stall near the battle plaza, admiring the new ribbon styles for Amphy. The next, her face had gone pale, her breath had caught, and her body had simply betrayed her. There hadn’t even been time to run. She remembers the moment it started- warm, horrifying, unstoppable- and how the ribbon box had dropped from her hands as she froze there, utterly humiliated in front of a crowd. The fact that the others in the crowd were soon overcome by the same sudden desperation did little to calm her down.

Now she’s here. Hiding. She wipes at her cheeks. She's not crying, she tells herself. It’s just the steam from the vending unit. It has to be.

“I…I’m supposed to be a Gym Leader,” she whispers. “People… respect me. I’m supposed to be setting an example.”

She needs to get it together, and soon, so that she can get herself cleaned up. When she sees a janitor pass, spotting her hiding spot and giving her a sympathetic gaze, she decides to finally get up, rather than trying to hide away forever.

~X~

Mira sits cross-legged on the edge beside Buck, wrapped in a towel someone was kind enough to lend out. She kicks her feet lightly and frowns, face scrunched in deep, dramatic thought. The two of them have only just arrived in Pasio and have come to meet up with Cheryl, Marley, and Riley for a brief visit, to decide if this is somewhere they want to stay and battle long term.

“So,” she says, “that just… happened, huh?”

Buck gives a humorless snort. “Yeah. It did.”

Mira stares out over the square. Trainers are scattered across benches, huddled in blankets, waiting their turn in the laundry queues or the showers. A few are still pretending it didn’t happen, standing stiff-backed and wet-pants’d like denial might magically dry them. It’s quiet now, the kind of quiet that happens after a storm. Only instead of sun cracking through the clouds, there was collective public humiliation.

Mira shifts again. “Mira didn’t even feel it coming. It was just…bam! Mira was all warm and then all embarrassed and then,” she makes a flailing motion with her hands. “Everything.”

Buck raises an eyebrow. “Real technical description, there.”

“I’m serious!” she says. “Mira’s brain barely caught up. Mira thought Mira was gonna cry.”

Buck glances over. “You didn’t.”

“Nope,” she says. Then pauses. “Did you?”

He glares at her.

“Okay, okay!” she giggles. “I know you weren’t actually upset.”

“I was real upset,” Buck says. “Just didn’t wanna show it in front of you.”

“That’s dumb,” she says bluntly. “You also peed.”

Buck makes a choking noise. “Mira-”

“You totally did!” she cackles, pointing now. “Your pants are all wet! Don’t lie!”

Despite himself, Buck lets out a little snort. “Yeah, alright. I did. Got me good, too. Right in the middle of yelling at a guy for cutting the hot dog line.”

Mira giggles. “Karma!”

They fall into silence for a minute. Around them, the plaza is still scattered with damp trainers. A girl near the edge of the fountain is trying to ring out her socks with quiet despair. A Team Skull grunt is trying to use his hat to hide his lap. Somewhere far off, a janitor’s mop sloshes in slow, resigned rhythm.

“You feeling better now?” Buck asks.

Mira shrugs, but she’s smiling a little. “Yeah. Mira was really sad. But then Mira remembered, you know, you wet yourself worse than Mira did.”

“I don’t think there’s a competition.”

“There should be,” Mira says brightly. “You’d win. Champion tier accident, easy.”

“And just what does that mean?”

She shrugs. “Mira just overheard it earlier. But it sounds right for the winner!”

Buck snorts again. “Alright, alright, you made your point. C’mon. Let’s go find dry clothes before someone mistakes us for Water types.”

Mira hops down from the planter, her wet shoes squeaking. “Can we get snacks after?”

“After we disinfect ourselves? Sure.”

“Yay! Mira wants some chips and candy!”

Buck shakes his head with a chuckle as Mira marches ahead, sunshine reinstalled in her step. She may have been on the verge of crying five minutes ago, but now she’s beaming- because he made her laugh, because she got to tease him, and probably because she remembered that, beyond just Buck, it’s been everyone that suffered a sudden and embarrassing accident.

~X~

The automatic doors to the boutique slide open with a cheery chime that feels wildly inappropriate for the disaster that just happened.

Whitney stumbles inside first, clutching a shopping bag like a lifeline. Her usual bounce is gone, replaced by small, uneven steps and a mortified flush that spreads all the way to her ears. Her shorts darkened, and she’s doing her best to keep the bag strategically placed behind her. “Okay. Okay. I know that didn’t just happen,” she says in a high-pitched whisper, eyes darting around the store. “That was a all just a weird dream.” Naturally she does not believe a word that she says.

Lyra follows close behind, face scrunched in a mix of horror and confusion. Her hat is tilted slightly off center, and her overalls are soaked through at the bottom, the denim stiff and cold. She tries to laugh- just a tiny, nervous one- but it comes out more like a whimper. “I didn’t even feel it! I was just looking at those cute sunglasses, and then…instant disaster.”

“I didn’t even need to go!” Whitney hisses, tugging her cardigan tighter around her waist. “That’s the freaky part! I was fine one second, and the next I’m gross. Grossgrossgross.”

Behind them, Clair steps through the doors like she’s storming a battlefield. Her cape swishes dramatically despite the visible wet streaks on her legs and the glittering trail of droplets on the tile behind her. Her heels click authoritatively. Her face is a carefully sculpted mask of disdain.

“I refuse to acknowledge what just occurred,” she says crisply, striding toward a nearby bench and sitting, only to stand again immediately with a sharp intake of breath. “This bench is soaked. How vulgar.”

“The bench isn’t wet. You peed your pants, Clair,” Whitney mutters, not amused by her attempts to play it off.

“I did not,” Clair snaps. “I am choosing to remain dignified.”

“Your definition of dignity must be real specific,” Lyra murmurs, looking down at her wet clothing yet again, and grimacing. “My socks are drenched. I feel like a walking puddle.”

Whitney groans. “I'm never coming back to this mall again. I’ll shop exclusively online. I’ll live in a cave.”

Clair folds her arms, eyes narrowing. “Panicking helps no one. We need solutions. There must be a bathroom nearby. Preferably with a hand dryer I can make us of.”

“Or we could just buy new clothes,” Lyra offers, voice hopeful. “This is a shopping trip.”

Whitney brightens just a bit. “Oh, right! Retail therapy. Classic coping mechanism. Yes, let’s do that.”

Clair sniffs. “Fine. But I have standards, so I’ll be very picky about what I purchase.”

“We’re never speaking of this again, right?” Lyra asks as they approach a rack of clearance items.

“Nope,” Whitney says.

“Correct,” Clair adds, already judging a display mannequin with visible contempt.

But as Lyra holds up a pair of extremely marked down sweatpants, and Whitney grabs the fluffiest sweater she can find, a small, reluctant laugh bubbles out of her.

~X~

To say that May and Lisia have been enjoying this would be an understatement. For most people on the island, this situation has been utterly devastating, but for the two of them, it is like something out of a dream. The two of them are quite used to wetting themselves, even if it is usually with more build up than this, and whenever they do, it is done just for their enjoyment.

The two of them have explored their shared fetish throughout the course of their relationship, often spending hours holding it just to build up the pressure, for that one agonizing, blissful moment of release. However, when they’re both overcome by the same, sudden need that everyone else on the island is, it takes them both by surprise. Rather than planned and in the bedroom, their overwhelmed while out together, and neither can fight the urge for very long.

As soon as Lisia begins to wet herself, May follows suit. Both of them freeze as the warmth spreads between their legs, the sensation one that they are intimately familiar with, but never in a public setting. May is the first to make a noise- a small, sharp gasp- as her shorts darken with an increasingly rapid pace. The warmth starts as a trickle but quickly becomes a flood, spilling down her inner thighs and soaking her socks, her shoes squishing as the ground beneath her becomes damp. Her hands fly to her mouth, not out of shock, but to stifle a giggle that's bubbling up from somewhere deep inside her chest. She had been planning on waiting for tonight, when they were back in the privacy of their hotel room, but this is an entirely different beast. This is wild and public and thrilling in a way she hadn't anticipated.

Lisia's reaction is similar, but with an added layer of theatrical grace. Her white skirt becomes transparent in patches, clinging to her skin as the liquid soaks through the fabric. Her gasp is more of a soft sigh, and she tilts her head back, her eyes fluttering closed for a moment. She can feel the heat, the sheer volume of it, and the way it’s streaming down her legs, leaving a glistening trail on the pavement. She had also been waiting for later, planning to hold it for May until she was bursting, but the suddenness of this, the complete lack of control, is electrifying.

They both look at each other then, a silent understanding passing between them. This is not the humiliation it is for everyone else. This is a shared, secret pleasure, a public display of their most private desires. The warmth is still spreading, and May can feel the dampness seeping into her shorts, the fabric heavy and clingy. She shivers, not from cold, but from the sheer, unexpected arousal that courses through her. She had wanted this, but not like this, not here, and the surprise of it all is almost too much to handle.

Lisia’s breathing hitches, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Her skirt is soaked, and she can feel the cool air against her wet skin as the warmth begins to fade. She watches May, her own arousal mirrored in the other girl's eyes. This is wrong, so very wrong, but it feels so incredibly right. She takes a step closer, the squelch of her shoes a secret signal between them, and May meets her halfway, their hands finding each other's. The contact is electric, a jolt of shared pleasure and secret knowledge that makes them both gasp again.

The space between them vanishes as May’s hands slide around Lisia’s waist, pulling her close. The wet fabric of Lisia’s clothing presses against May’s soaked shorts, creating a slick, cool shock that sends a jolt straight through them both. Lisia’s breath hitches, a small, ecstatic sound against May’s ear as she wraps her arms around May’s neck, her fingers tangling in the hair at her nape.

It's a dizzying cocktail of sensations: the cling of their wet clothes, the cool of the open air, and the heat of their bodies pressed together. May feels a tremor run through Lisia, and she knows it’s not from embarrassment. It’s the same thrill that’s making her own heart pound against her ribs. Her hands drift lower, cupping the swell of Lisia’s backside, feeling the saturated material of her skirt and the warmth still radiating from her skin beneath.

“My god,” May whispers, the words meant only for Lisia. Her eyes, wide and bright, drift over Lisia’s shoulder, scanning the chaos unfolding around them. A few feet away, a young trainer is staring down at her puddled jeans in utter despair. Near a fountain, a couple is arguing in hushed, mortified tones.

On a bench, a burly man is trying to casually drape his jacket over the very obvious stain on his trousers. The entire square is a tableau of shared, silent misery.

And it’s the most beautiful thing May has ever seen.

Lisia follows her gaze, a slow, sly smile spreading across her lips. She leans in, her breath hot against May’s cheek. “Look at them,” she murmurs, her voice a low, conspiratorial purr. “They think the world is ending.”

“Let them,” May breathes back, her fingers tracing the damp line where Lisia’s panties are undoubtedly soaked through. She can feel the subtle shift in Lisia’s hips, an encouraging press into her touch.

Lisia’s own hands are not idle. One remains cradling the back of May’s head, her thumb stroking circles on her neck, while the other slides down May’s back. Her palm flattens, following the curve of her spine until it rests just above her ass. She applies a gentle pressure, pulling May even tighter against her, her thigh slipping between May’s legs. The friction, even through the layers of wet clothing, is exquisite. May lets out a soft whimper that she quickly disguises as a cough, her eyes fluttering shut for a second.

“Someone might see,” May says, but there’s no real warning in her tone. It’s a giddy, half-mad observation.

“Let them look,” Lisia counters, her smile widening. She tilts her head, pressing a kiss to the sensitive skin just below May’s earlobe. “Let them wonder why we’re the only ones smiling.”

A bold, electrifying thought strikes May. With a confidence she doesn't know she possesses, she shifts her weight, pressing back against Lisia’s thigh. The movement is slow, deliberate, a silent communication that has Lisia’s breath catching in her throat. They begin a slow, secret rhythm, a grinding dance hidden in plain sight. Their wet clothes make the movements slick and effortless, and every subtle shift sends waves of pleasure through them.

May’s gaze darts around again. She sees a familiar pair of trainers, some friends from Hoenn, sitting on a bench with their heads in their hands. Their shared horror is a stark, thrilling contrast to the illicit pleasure coiling in her own stomach. The secret they share makes the world feel like it’s theirs and theirs alone.

“Lisia…” May’s name is a choked plea, her head falling back onto Lisia’s shoulder. Her hands grip Lisia’s waist tighter, holding on as the pleasure builds, a current of pure electricity that has nothing to do with the chaos around them.

“I know,” Lisia murmurs, her lips brushing against May’s temple. They’re going to have to find somewhere a little less exposed soon, before their luck runs out. Everyone else is a bit too distracted at the moment, but eventually, they aren’t going to be able to get away with all of this. Not only that, but both know that they need quite a bit more to satisfy all of the excitement that has built up, and so, they have to search amidst the chaos for somewhere more secluded.

~X~

Jeff has just finished wringing out the mega mop and is rolling it back to his cart when the intercom buzzes again.

“Laundry Zone B reporting overflow. Backup required. Janitorial response requested. Bring fans.”

Jeff winces.

“Of course it’s Laundry Zone B,” he mutters, noting just how close he is to that area. His progress so far has been good, but now, he’s got even more work ahead of him.

As he rounds the corner to the laundry hub, the crowd thickens- rows of trainers in mismatched borrowed clothes, towels, blankets, or nothing but their long shirts and shame. The laundry machines hum at full capacity, many with handwritten notes slapped onto them with lists of everyone’s items currently being washed.

And then he sees them: two girls waiting miserably for their turn to get their wet clothes cleaned, halfway between trying to wait it out and actively regretting existence. Selene is holding the basket with their wet clothes in them. She’s got one foot resting on her knee, bobbing it in place as she tries to distract the girl beside her.

Lillie, unfortunately, is visibly struggling. She’s sitting and has pulled her knees up to her chest, trying very hard to pretend she’s invisible. Her cheeks are flushed and her eyes keep flicking to the changing room line and the bathroom line, both of which snake into the distance like Gyarados with no sense of personal space.

Selene leans over, “Hey, hey, it’s fine, remember what we said? It’s not just you. Everyone’s going through it.”

“But twice?” Lillie squeaks, horror dawning on her face. “That’s not fair. That’s worse. That’s, like, disqualified-from-society-level worse!”

“It’s not disqualifying,” Selene assures her. “I mean, unless you’re applying for... I don’t know, president of the Pokemon League? Even then, they’d probably understand.”

Lillie shakes her head violently, which only seems to make her bounce slightly in place. “Selene, I can’t- I really…I really need to go again.”

Selene glances toward the lines- unchanged. She winces. “You think you can hold it a little….?”

“No!”

Jeff pauses mid-step.

Uh oh.

Selene gently puts a hand on Lillie’s shoulder. “Okay. Hey. Just breathe. Focus on literally anything else. The sky. The sea. Rotom memes. Remember that time Hau tried to eat thirty five malasadas and passed out on the beach?”

Lillie sucks in a breath like she’s trying to vacuum seal her dignity. “I don’t think I can focus. I think I’m gonna…”

And then it happens.

There’s a soft, unmistakable sound. Not loud, just the gentle hiss of her growing accident. Lillie goes stock still. Her hands clench into fists at her sides, knuckles white, her breath hitching in a tiny, mortified sob. A spreading warmth blooms beneath her where she’s seated, soaking through the hem of the towel she’d been sitting on, darkening the fabric around her legs and leaving a glistening puddle on the bench beneath.

Selene’s expression twists with sympathy the moment she realizes. “Oh, Lil…”

Lillie doesn’t even look up. “I’m gonna dissolve into mist. That’s it. I’m mist now. Just…tell Mother I turned into vapor.” Lillie lets out a sound somewhere between a hiccup and a tiny whimper. “I can’t believe I did it again. In front of people!”

Selene is doing her best to comfort her, but at this point, her bladder is so sensitive that there is little she can do to fight the sudden wave of desperation that hits her, upon seeing Lillie wet herself. She does try, but her bladder pulses and pounds, and now, it is more than she can continue to hold back, joining Lillie in a second accident.

As the warm rush begins to flow from her with very little choice or control, Selene can feel the sudden surge of warmer liquid, racing down her thighs, her legs, dripping down the bottom of her shorts. She can feel it begin to pool between her feet on the tile floor, her knees still reflexively pressed tightly together. Her bladder continues to pulse, despite her efforts to calm it, and she can feel the extra warmth rushing from her, pouring out of her uncontrollably, and creating a massive puddle on the tile floor, which spreads out for several feet.

Selene can hear the sound of her urine splashing and the sensation of its warmth trickling down her skin, and she can feel the relief washing over her, both physically and emotionally. She can also see the tiny, subtle movements of the crowd, and she can't blame them. They were all struggling with this situation, but no one had been prepared for this. But now, here they were, dealing with the aftermath, and none of them had any idea what would happen next.

It starts with a little boy nearby, holding his mother’s hand and doing a little pee dance while she mutters apologies to the person in line ahead of them. His dancing stops; the mom gasps. Then a jogger in active wear abruptly doubles over with a groan, dropping her protein shake. A wide patch darkens down her leggings. Another girl with twin pigtails clenches her fists and whispers, “Not now, not now, not now-” before breaking down into helpless sniffles as she too succumbs to the inexplicable second wave.

Then a teenager yells, “No, I just changed!” before freezing in place. Then a grown man yelps and stares down at his own pants in wide-eyed disbelief. It spreads again, in waves, just like whatever strange force caused the original mass incident has decided round two is now in session. Lillie, still curled up and shivering in place, doesn’t have to feel alone for long.

All around her, the sounds of people quietly breaking down under their own biological betrayal fill the air- gasps, squeaks, splashes, and a few brave souls trying to pretend absolutely nothing is happening as they subtly step away from their own puddles. A girl in a bright yellow scarf gives a choked gasp, and her legs buckle slightly as her knees knock together. She stares down in disbelief as a telltale wetness snakes down her stockings. Her hands flutter uselessly at her sides before she covers her mouth and stifles a sob.

Next to her, a tall trainer with short, green hair grips the front of their borrowed pants, frozen in place. Their expression doesn’t shift, but their posture wilts with quiet resignation as the dark patch spreads rapidly down one leg, soaking into their socks and forming a growing puddle beneath their boots. Closer to the laundry machines, another woman in a heavy hoodie stiffens mid-step, clutching a dry set of clothes to her chest. Her eyes dart to the bathroom line, then to the floor, where the first droplets have already begun falling. Her grip tightens on the clothes. She squeezes her thighs together, but it's already too late. The stain seeps through the front of her shorts, and she closes her eyes in defeat as the warmth soaks down the inside of her legs.

Near a vending machine, someone in a long cloak shifts nervously from foot to foot, breathing shallow and quick. They stand completely still for a moment, eyes shut, before the dripping sound beneath their cloak becomes too loud to ignore. Not far from the vending machines, a figure with a bright bob cut and oversized sunglasses lets out a quiet “oh no,” barely audible over the low whir of the dryers. She doesn’t move— just stands there in stunned stillness as a puddle slowly forms beneath her boots, the sound of dripping barely masked by the hum of the machines. She shifts slightly as the warmth spreads, and a single tear rolls beneath the edge of her sunglasses.

A young teen, somewhere in the corner, tries to disguise their accident by crouching, fiddling with their shoelaces as if the problem might go unnoticed if they keep their head down. But the growing trail running out behind them tells a different story, one that doesn’t end at their shoes. They press their palms into their knees, trembling as the last of their dignity drips onto the tile. Near the folding tables, two friends in matching pastel outfits share a glance. One nods solemnly, accepting the situation. The other tries to put on a brave face but bites their lip, a single tremor running through them. A moment later, both of them sag slightly. Their puddles grow side by side, joining beneath their feet like a sad, golden Venn diagram.

A trainer with brightly dyed hair and an impressive championship pin on their jacket stiffens as they feel the telltale warmth starting to seep down their thighs. They cross their arms tightly and stand still, face betraying nothing, like a statue weathering an especially humiliating storm. A few feet away, a soaked Gym Trainer notices and gently scoots over to offer them a towel without a word.

Even those trying to hide behind laundry carts and changing curtains aren’t spared. The cursed wave continues its quiet rampage, wrapping around them like an uninvited fog. Some try to pass it off with laughter. Some simply sit down, let it happen, and stare at the ceiling like it might offer answers.

Jeff, of course, just swaps out his mop head and keeps going. “I’m gonna need a raise,” he mutters to himself, unfazed. “Or at least hazard pay. Hell, I kind of deserve my own parade. One with fewer bodily fluids.”

~X~

Juliana and Penny are holding out longer than most.

They’re tucked behind a vending machine in the corner of Laundry Zone B, trying to make themselves invisible. Both are wrapped in oversized hoodies from the emergency bin, and they’re sitting on the floor like fugitives, avoiding eye contact with anyone who walks past. Somewhere nearby, their clothes are tumbling through a rinse cycle, which feels like it is taking an eternity.

“This is a disaster,” Penny mutters, knees drawn to her chest, hood shadowing most of her face. “I knew this island was cursed. I knew it.”

Juliana sighs, hugging a plastic tote full of damp clothing. “It’s not cursed. It’s just…really, really weird.”

“Weird is when your Pikachu wears sunglasses. This is mass involuntary urination. I haven’t peed my pants in a long time, and even then I had a good reason.”

Juliana snorts, but there’s tension behind her smile. She’s been shifting every couple of seconds, readjusting her seat, pressing her legs together. “Okay, but like, it happened. To everyone. It’s done now. What are the odds it happens again?”

Penny whips her head around. “Why would you say that? Why would you speak those words into the universe?”

But even as she protests, they both sense it. Something changes in the air. The low buzz of conversation shifts tone. There’s a ripple of movement, then the unmistakable sound of a stifled gasp. Then another. Then the soft, awful patter of liquid hitting tile.

Juliana straightens, her eyes darting. “Wait. Is it… is it starting again?”

“No. Nope. No way.” Penny’s face drains of color. “My bladder is empty, I’ve got nothing left.” Her body disagrees immediately. She sucks in a sharp breath and clamps her legs together.

Juliana stiffens beside her, face twisted in dismay. “Oh no. I feel it too.”

They both fall into a panicked stillness, bodies trembling, muscles clenching like dam walls about to burst. Juliana presses the plastic tote harder into her lap like she can compress the problem out of existence. Penny starts muttering under her breath, a nervous chant of “no no no no no.”

“This has to be some kind of legendary Pokemon thing,” she hisses. “A wild Tapu. Or maybe a ghost with a sick sense of humor. I knew that Mismagius was looking at me funny-”

Juliana lets out a soft, helpless noise. Her eyes widen. She grips the tote tighter, but it’s no use. Warmth spreads beneath her, quick and unstoppable. The puddle grows fast, spreading beneath her and creeping toward the vending machine.

Penny watches in a mix of sympathy and horror. “Juliana…no-”

Her own body gives in right then, as if sympathy defeats her willpower. Once again, she can feel her clothes getting soaked through all over again, far too familiar to her already. Juliana looks over and watches, and both of them are silent for a moment.

Penny’s girlfriend leans her head back, eyes on the ceiling. “Well,” she sighs, “at least I’m not alone.”

Penny groans into her knees. “We’re never talking about this again.”

~X~

May and Lisia have just emerged from the secluded spot that they found to have their private fun, and were on their way to the laundry rooms, when they come upon a sight they do not expect to see. Even after such a perfect day, neither would expect to get to experience another round of the excitement. However, when they catch their first glimpse of Phoebe, both can tell that something is wrong.

Her clothes are already wet, making it obvious she was caught in the initial wave, but right now, she is doubled over, with her hands jammed tight between her legs, squirming and whining. May and Lisia exchange a look and instantly know what’s about to happen.

They slow their steps, melting into the shadow of a decorative planter, their hands finding each other’s again. Their own recent, intense pleasure hangs between them, heightening the thrill of this new, unexpected spectacle. The public square, still reeling from the first incident, is now rife with the subtle, tell tale signs of a second. They can see others freezing in place, faces slack with disbelief, but Phoebe is different. She’s fighting it.

And she is losing spectacularly.

“Oh no, oh no, not again, I can’t…” Her whimper is lost in the general hum of distressed voices, but her body language screams across the distance. She’s pacing in a tight, frantic circle on a relatively dry patch of tile, her movements jerky and uncoordinated. Every few steps, she has to stop, clenching her thighs together so hard her muscles visibly tremble beneath the fabric of her soaked shorts. One hand is pressed firmly into her crotch, the other grips her stomach, as if she can physically hold the impending flood at bay.

She glances around, her dark eyes wide with a primal panic that is both fascinating and, to the two observers, incredibly arousing. The desperation is evident in the train on her face. Her brow is furrowed, her lips parted in a silent, constant gasp.

Lisia gives May’s hand a gentle squeeze, a silent, shared acknowledgment of the raw, beautiful vulnerability they are witnessing. May’s breath hitches, her gaze locked on Phoebe’s frantic dance. She knows that feeling all too well- the exquisite torture of holding on when every fiber of your being is screaming for release. Watching Phoebe experience it is like watching a memory play out in high definition.

Phoebe’s pacing becomes more erratic. She hops from one foot to the other, a desperate little dance that does nothing to ease the pressure. “Not here,” she mutters, her voice strained. “Please, not here…” Her plea is directed at the universe, at whatever cruel prankster of a Pokemon or person is orchestrating this humiliation.

Then she freezes.

Her body goes rigid, a statue carved from pure desperation. Her eyes squeeze shut, her face a mask of agonized effort. Her legs, which had been in constant motion, lock together, muscles straining. May and Lisia can almost feel the phantom sensation of that final, frantic clamp, the last ditch effort of a body reaching its absolute limit.

And then, it happens.

A tiny, betraying spurt escapes. It’s just enough to darken the fabric already wet from before, a fresh wave of warmth that signals the beginning of the end. Phoebe’s eyes fly open, filled with a sudden, horrified realization. She knows that she’s lost.

A soft, choked sob escapes her lips. The fight goes out of her all at once. Her shoulders slump, her tense muscles relax, and with a shuddering sigh, she gives in, and the flood begins.

It starts as a steady, powerful stream, instantly soaking through her skirt and running down her legs in rivulets. The sound is unmistakable- a soft, hissing patter against the tile. The liquid pools at her feet, a dark, glistening stain that spreads rapidly, reflecting the fluorescent lights overhead. Her body trembles with the force of the release, a long, shuddering exhale escaping her as the pressure finally, finally abates.

That is when May feels the sudden twinge of desperation in her own bladder. She had been so absorbed in the excitement of watching Phoebe that she hadn't noticed the signs of a full bladder until it was too late. Her hands fly to her lower stomach, her eyes widening as a wave of heat washes over her. She lets out a sharp gasp, and her grip on Lisia’s hand tightens.

Lisia glances at her, a questioning look in her eyes, but when she sees the panicked expression on May’s face, her own expression shifts to one of understanding and concern. She also feels it. A faint, but persistent urge, and she knows, from the look on May’s face, that this isn't going to be something they can ignore. The sight of Phoebe’s accident, coupled with the lingering arousal from their private encounter, has ignited a fire in them both that cannot be easily extinguished.

May starts to shift her weight from one foot to the other, her movements becoming more and more frantic as the pressure builds. She’s trying to hold it, to maintain some semblance of control, but the urge is overwhelming. Her breath comes in short, sharp pants, and she knows that she is about to wet herself.

May’s legs start to tremble, the effort of holding back becoming a visible strain. Her knuckles are white where she clutches Lisia’s hand, her other hand still pressed flat against her stomach. She lets out a soft whimper, her eyes darting around the bustling square, a deer caught in the headlights of her own impending humiliation. But the humiliation doesn't really bother her, not when the excitement is so much more promising.

Lisia’s own desperation is a mirror image of May’s. Her breath hitches, her cheeks flushed with a mixture of panic and a burgeoning, forbidden excitement. She can feel the pressure building, a wave of heat that threatens to overwhelm her, and she knows she’s about to lose the battle. But instead of fighting it, a part of her, a dark, thrilling part, is eager for the release, for the warmth, for the public surrender.

Their eyes lock, a silent understanding passing between them. This is it. Round two.

Then, with a shared, shuddering gasp, they both let go.

For May, it starts as a trickle, a small, betraying spurt that she can’t stop. But it’s enough to break the dam. The floodgates open, and a torrent of warmth gushes from her, soaking her shorts and running down her legs in warm, glistening rivers. The feeling is immediate and intoxicating- a wave of relief so profound it borders on ecstasy. She can feel the liquid pooling at her feet, the fabric of her shorts growing heavy and clingy, and the sensation sends a jolt of pure, unadulterated arousal straight through her.

Lisia’s release is no less intense. Her skirt, already damp from her previous accident, becomes instantly saturated, the fabric clinging to her skin like a second, much warmer, layer. She tilts her head back, a soft moan escaping her lips as the warmth spreads, a delicious, tingling sensation that has her toes curling in her wet shoes. She can feel the rivulets of liquid tracing paths down her inner thighs, and the sheer, unadulterated pleasure of it all is almost too much to bear.

They stand there, lost in their shared, secret world, their bodies trembling with the force of their release. The sounds of their accidents mingle with the distant hum of the crowd, a private symphony of splashing and sighing that only they can truly appreciate. The cool air against their wet skin is a stark, thrilling contrast to the warmth still radiating from their cores.

Lisia is the first to move, her hands finding May’s waist, pulling her close. The wet fabric of their clothing presses together, a slick, cool shock that sends a fresh jolt of arousal through them both. Lisia’s lips find May’s, a searing, desperate kiss that tastes of salt and shared secrets. May’s hands tangle in Lisia’s hair, pulling her deeper, her body arching against Lisia’s, a silent plea for more.

Their hands roam, exploring the slick, wet fabric of each other’s clothes, their touches becoming bolder, more urgent. May’s hand slips under Lisia’s skirt, her fingers tracing the damp line of her panties, feeling the heat of her skin beneath the soaked material. Lisia gasps into May’s mouth, her hips bucking forward, seeking more of May’s touch.

The public square fades into a blur of color and sound, a distant, irrelevant backdrop to their private, passionate world.

~X~

The laundry room is loud enough already- washing machines roaring, dryers clanging, the shuffle of trainers swapping clothes in and out, muttering apologies as they cross paths in borrowed towels or long shirts. But in the back corner, one particular machine has gone dead silent, lid locked, lights dark.

Volkner crouches in front of it, toolbox cracked open, hands deep in the panel as sparks occasionally flicker.

“You’re sure you know how to fix this?” Candice asks, clutching her laundry basket against her hip. Her voice is sharp, but there’s a nervous bounce in her step, a kind of restless energy that has less to do with her usual cheer and more with the collective tension hanging in the room.

Volkner doesn’t look up. “I’ve done it before. These models always fry the circuits when they’re overworked.”

“They’re overworked,” Maylene says flatly, wringing out the hem of her top. She’s not barefoot for once, wearing sandals rather than risking walking around like this, and her ears are still red from earlier humiliation. “Half the island’s lined up for laundry. You’ll have twenty people bowing to you if you get that thing running again.”

“Not why I’m doing it,” Volkner mutters, tightening a screw. “But yeah, I know.”

Candice leans against the wall, watching him work, then glances sidelong at Maylene. “Feels like forever, huh? We’ll be lucky if we get to wash anything before tomorrow morning.”

The joke hangs in the air for a second. Candice giggles anyway, though it’s cut off by a sharp intake of breath. She stiffens, eyes widening. “Oh no.”

Volkner finally looks up. “What?”

Candice doesn’t answer at first, because she can’t. It hits her too fast. The warmth, the shock, the sudden loss of control. One second she’s giggling, the next there’s a spreading patch on her skirt, darkening rapidly before streaming down her legs. Her basket clatters to the ground, socks spilling across the tile as she slaps her hands over her face. “N-no, not again!”

Maylene flinches at the sight, and then freezes as her own body betrays her. She doubles forward with a gasp, knees knocking together, but it’s already too late. The pale fabric of her pants soaks dark, dripping steadily onto the tiles. Her sandals slap wetly against the forming puddle beneath her.

“Wha-?!” She stares down in horror, then glances at Candice, who’s groaning miserably behind her hands. “…Seriously? Both of us?”

The sound of twin splatters fills the silence. Volkner stares for a beat, screwdriver dangling from his hand. His face barely changes, just the faintest twitch at the corner of his mouth.

“…Guess it’s still going.”

Candice shoots him a mortified glare through her fingers. “That’s all you have to say?!”

Volkner sighs, sitting back on his heels. He sets the screwdriver down and rubs his temple. Around them, other trainers are already murmuring as the second wave sweeps through the laundry zone- yelps, curses, and the telltale patter of accidents happening all around.

Maylene groans, throwing her hands up. “Oh, great. Perfect. At least now we’ll have plenty of laundry for when this stupid machine works again.”

Candice lets out a shaky laugh in spite of herself, hugging her basket. “I can’t believe this is my life right now.”

Volkner exhales, steady and resigned. “Welcome to mine. You two clean up. I’ll get the machine back online.”

He turns back to his toolbox as if nothing happened, even as a puddle begins to spread beneath him, his own pants soaking as his bladder proves itself unable to withstand the second wave any better than the others.

~X~

Lorelei is not someone who panics easily.

She has faced down fire breathing dragons, stood firm in blizzards conjured by her own Pokemon, and debated Lance during League budget meetings without flinching. She wears poise like she wears her glasses—sharp, polished, and utterly unshakable.

But even she is starting to fray.

She’s standing near the administrative wing of the stadium complex, hands clasped neatly behind her back, attempting to maintain her posture as chaos unravels around her. Trainers shuffle by in borrowed shorts and towels tied around them. The air smells faintly of ammonia and various cleaners. Her own clothes are currently sealed in a plastic bag, waiting to be laundered, after the first incident.

She’s changed into the emergency League tracksuit, a navy blue thing a size too large with the Ice symbol stitched onto the back in glittering thread. She hates how casual it feels, even more so when she considers why she has to walk around in it.

“Unprecedented,” she mutters to herself. “Island-wide bladder failure. We’ll need to look into environmental toxins. Mass hypnosis. Psychic discharge. Something.”

But her stomach flips. There’s a strange pressure mounting in her abdomen again. Too soon. Far too soon.

Lorelei freezes. “No.”

She pivots on her heel and strides down the corridor, elegant even now. She passes a cluster of junior trainers huddled against the wall, one of them weeping softly. She offers a curt nod and keeps going. Her destination: the nearest bathroom, where she is determined to prevent a repeat of the earlier incident.

She rounds the corner, and then stops cold. The door is shut. A piece of notebook paper is taped to it.

"OUT OF ORDER - Sorry. Again."

Lorelei stares at the sign like she can will it to lie. The pressure in her gut pulses. No. Not here. Not again. She clenches her fists, teeth grinding behind her placid expression. She’s Lorelei of the Indigo Elite Four. Her reputation is carved into League history. She is not going to wet herself for the second time-

A tremor runs through her. Her breath catches, and her knees draw inward ever so slightly.

“No no no-” she hisses through gritted teeth.

The warmth starts low and sudden, and she can feel it instantly. The liner of the tracksuit is no defense against the hot, humiliating liquid that floods downward, soaking through the blue fabric and pooling rapidly at her feet. The puddle grows, spilling past her feet, leaving a golden arc against the gleaming floor tile.

She stares ahead, her expression unreadable, but her glasses fog slightly as her face heats up in embarrassment. Two trainers round the corner behind her and stop abruptly. One of them gasps, while the other tries to pretend she didn’t see anything. However, they are soon caught up in the same humiliation as her, both of them doubling over and grabbing at their crotches, the desperation taking them all at once, and causing them to both make puddles of their own.

Lorelei forces a comforting smile, deciding to try and find camaraderie with them.

~X~

Smack in the middle of it all, Iono is live.

“Yoooooooo, what’s up, Ionofans!” she practically screams into her phone, glad that it’s floating at the best angle to catch her good side while avoiding the soaking through her tights. “Back again with a very unexpected update from the pants wetting disaster saga, and folks…it’s gotten wetter.”

She spins her phone to show the carnage. Iono whips the camera back to her face. “Now I know you’re all wondering, ‘Iono, are you okay?’ And no worries! I may be soggy, but I’m still surgin’!”

She moves through the crowd like a reality show host on a scavenger hunt for drama.

“Ooooooh! Who do we have here?” she exclaims, spotting a very exhausted looking figure slumped against a bench. “It's the queen of cool herself, the one and only Rika! Rika, tell the stream- how are we feelin’, post-splash?”

Rika lifts her head with the slow disdain of a cat being woken from a nap. Her usually impeccable slacks are soaked through, heavy and dark, clinging to her legs. “You’re live streaming this?” she deadpans.

“Uh, yeah? The people have a right to know! This is breaking news! So tell us, what went through your mind when the, um…tidal wive hit?”

Rika sighs and leans forward just enough to stare directly into Iono’s camera with the weariness of someone who saw it coming too late and still couldn’t dodge.

“What went through my mind? ‘Oh great, another wet pair of pants. That makes two today.’”

There’s a beat. Then Iono wheezes with laughter. “You are killing me, Rika. You heard it here, folks! Two pairs! She’s on a streak!”

“That’s not a streak I want broadcast,” Rika mutters.

“Too late!” Iono says cheerfully. “Besides, it’s not like you’re alone. Rika, famed beauty, Elite Four member, and now? Relatable, damp mess!”

“Yeah, whatever,” Rika mutters.

“This has been Iono reporting live from what I can only describe as the world’s messiest spin cycle!” she announces, twirling dramatically for the camera and deciding she doesn’t care what stains show anymore. It would be hypocritical to at this point, after all. “We’ve seen floods, we’ve seen fashion tragedies, and we’ve seen far too many pairs of underwear sacrificed to the cause. So until next time, keep your amps high and your laundry loads low! I’m off to salvage what’s left of my pride!”

Rika exhales slowly through her nose. She stands there, soaked from the waist down, her jacket tied haphazardly around her hips in a failed attempt at modesty. “Well,” she mutters, “that was something.”

Iono turns to her, eyes wide behind still-shining lenses. “Did I nail it or did I nail it? Stream engagement was through the roof! Like, 'new emote tier' kind of numbers.”

Rika raises a brow. “You literally streamed through everyone’s most embarrassing moment decade.”

“I captured the truth of the moment!” Iono says, hands flaring dramatically. “The vulnerability! The raw humanity! The way your expression said ‘I’ve peed my pants but I’m still hot and emotionally composed!’ That’s the kind of content people crave, Rika!”

Rika sighs and drags a hand through her bangs. “You know what these people crave? A mop. Or a washing machine.” Despite her cool attitude, Iono can tell that she isn’t feeling perfect right now.

“I mean,” Iono offers brightly, “Larry also got soaked. I saw him earlier”

Rika smirks. “That does help.”

~X~

The sunset bleeds across the horizon, casting long, distorted shadows across the now silent stadium plaza. The chaos has subsided, replaced by a weary, damp quiet. The crowd has thinned to a handful of stragglers, moving with the slow, shuffling gait of the profoundly humbled. Jeff, however, is in his element. This is the golden hour. The hour of final mopping, of disinfectant sprays that fog in the dying light, of pushing the last of the day's indignity down a large drain.

He’s just finished wringing out his mop for what he hopes is the last time, the water in the bucket a murky, depressing gray, when he spots her.

She stands near the now closed refreshment stand, a solitary figure silhouetted against the vibrant sunset. The way she’s holding herself is painfully familiar: one hand pressed low against her stomach, the other gripping the back of a nearby bench. Her legs are crossed at the ankle, then the knee, then she uncrosses them entirely, shifting her weight with a jittery, barely contained energy. It's a dance Jeff has seen from every angle, in every size, all day long.

Nessa is clearly on the verge of losing control. Her trademark confidence has evaporated, replaced by a brittle desperation that makes her seem smaller, almost fragile. Her gaze flits between the distant bathroom building- now with a line that, while shorter, is still interminable- and the nearby fountain, as if considering a very drastic, very public solution. She takes a few steps, then freezes, her back arching slightly as a powerful spasm wracks her body. She lets out a soft, choked gasp, and her hands fly to her crotch, pressing hard.

Jeff sighs, deep and tired. Nessa doesn’t see him coming. Her eyes are squeezed shut, her teeth gritted. She’s muttering to herself, a frantic, desperate mantra of “no, no, no, not here, not again…” Her whole body is trembling now, the familiar tremor of a body fighting a losing war against itself. She’s so focused on her own struggle, so consumed by the burning, relentless pressure, that she doesn't notice the quiet approach of the janitor until he’s standing right in front of her.

Nessa looks up, her eyes wide with a mixture of surprise and horror. She expects to see a smirk, a snicker, some kind of judgment. Instead, she sees only tired, weary sympathy in Jeff’s eyes. He’s seen this all day. He’s seen the strongest, the proudest, the most confident, all reduced to this same, desperate state. And he’s seen them all lose.

Nessa stares at him for a beat, her mind racing, but her body betrays her. She can’t hold it any longer. The pressure is too much, the urge too strong. A small, traitorous leak escapes, a warm dribble that she can’t stop. All Jeff can do is patiently wait for the puddle to form at her feet, watching her finally start to relax as she gives in. At this point, there is no reason for her to worry about shame anymore, and no reason to keep dragging this out, when they are both ready to get it over with.

She mumbles a quiet thanks, once all is said and done, before hurriedly walking away, shoes squelching as she does. Jeff replies, “Just doing my job, ma’am,” before putting his mop back to work. If there are any other messes, let someone else handle them; after this, he is going to get some very deserved rest.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

