The Dilemma of a Track Star

Author: Zuko

*000*2021-01-20 23:34

Kazuki was the star of the track team and for the first time in his school’s history he had led them to a regional championship. All the people in his school knew his name and the girls would giggle and blush when they saw him in the hallways. He was tall and muscular, but also lean and unassuming. His jagged black hair fell naturally around his face, but it was his large dark black eyes that were perhaps his most striking feature.

To celebrate their regional championship, Kazuki and the track team held a huge cookout in the school’s courtyard. They had burgers and hot dogs, fruit punch and soda, and all the members of the team had on their uniforms adorned with their championship insignias.

However, amidst the cheers and celebration, Makoto Mori was standing awkwardly in the corner away from the rest of the commotion. Unlike her classmates who wore dresses and skirts, Makoto wore a grey crop top with black sweatpants along with jet black eyeshadow. She was not tall and fair skinned like some of the most popular girls, and all throughout her childhood her peers made fun of her for her curves. Although Makoto didn’t have many friends, she was far from being a reserved and shy girl. She constantly flirts with guys and this made the other girls resent her even more. She just always found guys to be easier to talk to. On this day though, she longed for some real friends. She stood there and watched in silence as her classmates jumped for joy together celebrating their victory. It was times like these when she felt the most alone.

Kazuki was the center of attention, weaving in and out of his classmates from conversation to conversation, shaking hands with professors, and lifting the regional trophy into the air. Kazuki liked flirting with everyone and multiple girls were already vying for his attention. Arrogant boy. Makoto thought. Seemingly everyone needed a piece of him, but Makoto was eyeing him from afar and began to notice he was trying to slip away from the crowd. Where was he trying to go? She wondered. Kazuki disposed of yet another paper cup of fruit punch as he was yanked away by one of the popular girls to go talk to her friends. Makoto thought she saw him shiver as he walked over to talk to the girls.

He stood there for what seemed like ages talking, but now Makoto’s gaze was fixed on him. That one shiver she noticed before wasn’t just from a cool breeze. The tell-tale sign was his eyes. They were darting back and forth at a faster than normal pace, constantly looking toward the double doors into the school. He put his hands in his pockets and lightly swung his hips as he talked to the girls. He bent his knees awkwardly and started looking toward his feet. After a few more minutes his mounting desperation seemed to boil over and he tried to make his escape. He shuffled through the crowd trying not to draw attention. As soon as he was about to break free from the crowd, the broad and tall Principal Nakamura stepped in his way.

“Kazuki! Just the man I was looking for. It’s time for the trophy celebration. You ready?”

“Yes Principal Nakamura but if you don’t mind first--”

“Great! ATTENTION STUDENTS!” The principal boomed. The chatter of the kids settled down. “It is my great honor to present to you the 2020 regional track champions! It is through their hard work and determination that our school will be recognized by the national committee of athletic excellence. This year our boys’ achievement was unlike that of any other.”

Principal Nakamura droned on but neither Makoto or Kazuki were absorbing the words coming out of his mouth. Makoto’s gaze was fixed on Kazuki, who now was half leaning up against a lamppost next to the Principal. Kazuki knew the entire student body was looking at him so he was trying his absolute best to stifle any signs of having to pee. Once in a while, he would be hit with an unavoidable shiver and his back would tense up straight. He switched his stance and started leaning against the post with his other leg. He tensed again and his eyes widened. Noticing his own behavior, he took a deep breath and forced himself to regain composure. Not like this. He thought.

The principal’s speech was endless, but Makoto hoped it would go on longer. It was becoming increasingly clear Kazuki was on the verge of bursting. He had been drinking many cups of fruit punch and soda that his classmates had been bringing to him and now it was all hitting his bladder hard. Every time she saw Kazuki squirm she would also hold her breath, hoping to see him wet. Finally it seemed like the principal’s speech was coming to an end.

“And without further ado, the MVP of the track team…. your very own….the senior... Kazuki Goto!” The crowd cheered. The principal handed Kazuki the trophy.

“Lift it!” He told Kazuki.

Kazuki’s mind froze. He grabbed the trophy but he was shaking. A drop of sweat dripped down from his brow. He gripped the trophy tightly with both hands until his knuckles were white and raised it above his head. He held it there for a few seconds as Makoto and all the class watched. Kazuki tensed up, he felt his muscles go cold. His bladder was extremely hard pushing up against his abs. It sent a shockwave up his back and suddenly -- Kazuki dropped the trophy. Everyone’s cheering quieted and turned into murmurs. Kazuki still was holding his breath. The principal took charge.

“Oh what do we have here! Nervous in the spotlight! You dropped it , how funny!. The principal bent over and picked up the trophy, which was unharmed. Kazuki blushed red. He was barely holding on. He felt a small drip leak out.

“No worries Kazuki!” The principal announced. “The trophy is fine.” The crowd resumed into laughter and conversation as an atmosphere of levity returned to the gathering. The principal shook Kazuki’s hand and the crowd began to disperse back towards the food and music. Kazuki left like a flash. He walked briskly without talking to anyone right for the double doors that led into the building. Anticipating this, Makoto had repositioned herself closer to the building and followed after him. He was too desperate to even notice her gaining ground as he turned the corner toward the 1st floor bathroom. At least now he was out of sight. Almost there, the home stretch. Just like the race, he thought to himself, laughing slightly at his ridiculous predicament. Another leak. The smile was erased from his face.

Just about when he was going to push open the door to the bathroom he felt two strong hands on his shoulders dig in and push him up against the lockers on the wall. It was Makoto.

“M-Makoto? Wha- Wh- L-Let me go!” He was too weak to fight back.

“Hold it you little boy. You’re supposed to be the track star. Be a goddamn man.”

Makoto’s confidence surprised even herself. She had never done anything like this to anyone before, but her desire overcame her rationality. She wanted more than anything to see Kazuki continue to hold and she would do whatever it took.

Kazuki could barely talk as he was pressed against the wall. His full bladder was twinging as Makoto’s unflinching eyes peered at his. She had lodged her leg in between Kazuki’s so he could not cross them. She leaned into him more and purposely pressed against his bladder. She took both his wrists in his hands and pushed them against the wall and began kissing his neck lightly. She kissed just enough so it was on the edge of tickling him.

Kazuki was beyond flustered. He was overcome with sensations, his bladder, constant shivering, his wrists pinned against the lockers, and now Makoto’s kisses on his neck. All the stimulation at the same time was not all-together unpleasant though. His body was starting to override his mind’s desire to do the sensible thing. His thoughts stopped flowing and soon enough the only thing he could comprehend was the feeling of his body pinned against the wall by Makoto. He grabbed her hips and brought her even closer to him, putting even more pressure on his bladder willingly.

Makoto gasped in shock. He really likes it.

“M-Makoto. I can’t hold on any longer.” Kazuki whispered uneasily. Just as he was about to let go Makoto grabbed the inside of his thigh and dug her fingers in a little too deeply.

“Hold. It.” Kazuki said.

He gasped hard and felt the breath escape his lungs and his bladder throb. He would hold on longer. He told himself. Fuck.

Makoto removed her sweatshirt and noticed a few more drops leak from in between Kazuki’s legs. She pressed hard on the wet spot and Kazuki groaned.

“This is your punishment for leaking. Fuck’s sake are you two years old?”

Kazuki’s hesitation about what was happening was long forgotten. He was loving this. The surprise and danger and excitement had made him extremely hard and Makoto could feel his hardness through his pants. He leaked again. Makoto bit softly into his neck and pressed his wrists even harder into the lockers. He couldn’t take it. This was it. An uncontrollable surge forced its way forward and what was once a small wet spot began to grow more and more until it dripped down his pants and began to dribble onto the floor of the hallway. As he lost control Makoto’s biting became even more intense, she increased the pressure of her body against his and pushed her chest up against him. When he was finally done Makoto abruptly stopped, dropped her hands and took a step back.

She admired her handiwork. Kazuki was standing drooped over with his hands on his knees panting hard. His pants were soaked and there was a small puddle beneath his feet. His hair fell over his shoulder and his dark black eyes blinked tiredly. His uniform was ruined and he had no idea how he would be able to get out of this but he didn’t care.

“Makoto I had no idea…. you were so… can we please do this again?”

Makoto crossed her arms and smirked.

“You couldn’t even last more than a few minutes for me. And you think I would do this again with you? Grow up. This was one time only. You don’t deserve me.”

She turned her head and left him there.

%Kazuki Story (1).docx


