Cipher lab (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-24 12:41

The hum of the laboratory is a constant, oppressive drone, punctuated by the occasional frantic beeping of a forgotten console. Wes and Rui move with practiced silence through the sterile, metallic corridors of the Shadow Pokemon Lab, their footsteps echoing faintly. Wes keeps his hand near the snag machine on his hip, his gaze sweeping over the dimly lit pathways, but a small, persistent pressure begins to build in his lower abdomen.

He glances over at Rui. She’s trailing a few steps behind him, her usual confident stride replaced by a slight, awkward waddle. Her hands are pressed firmly into her pockets, and she’s biting her lower lip, her focus less on the shadows ahead and more on the floor directly in front of her.

"Rui?" Wes' voice is a low murmur, barely disturbing the lab's hum. "You good?"

"Fine," she squeaks, the word thin and reedy. She straightens up abruptly, dropping her hands, but the movement is stiff, unnatural. "Just…thinking." She tries for a casual stance, one hip jutting out, but her thighs are pressed tightly together.

Wes raises an eyebrow, a silent question in the sharp angle of it, but he doesn't push it. He turns back to the corridor ahead, the metallic walls reflecting the dim, sickly green of the emergency lights in long, distorted streaks. They pass a large glass window looking into a chamber where a massive, dormant purification chamber looms. The sight usually gives Rui a surge of purpose, but now it's just another obstacle, another long stretch of hallway to traverse without breaking.

The pressure in Wes' own bladder is a steady, dull throb now, a background noise he can mostly ignore. He's trained himself to hold it through long stakeouts in the Orre desert, waiting for a target to show. But this place is different. There's no sand, no open space, just a labyrinth of steel and humming electronics. The very thought of a bathroom seems laughable, an amenity Cipher wouldn't bother with for its grunts, let alone its prisoners.

Rui's breath hitches beside him. She's stopped walking, one hand flying to press against the lower part of her stomach, right over the worn fabric of her shorts. Her knuckles are white. Her legs are crossed at the knee, a pose that's almost comical in its desperation.

"Alright, that's it," Wes says, turning to face her fully. His own discomfort sharpens at the sight of her obvious agony. "You're not fine. What is it?"

Rui's face is flushed a deep, embarrassed crimson. She can't meet his gaze, her eyes fixed on a particularly interesting scuff mark on the floor. "I…I really have to go," she admits, her voice barely a whisper, ashamed. "Like, really, really have to go."

Wes lets out a slow breath. The ache in his own gut gives a sympathetic pang. "Yeah," he agrees, the word rough. "Me too. This place is a maze. There has to be a restroom somewhere, probably near the barracks or the main labs."

The word 'barracks' sends a new wave of dread through Rui. That means more walking, more stairs, more corridors. The idea is a physical blow, and she sways on her feet. "I don't think I can make it that far, Wes." Her voice is trembling. "Every step is…it's a lot."

"Okay. Okay, we'll find something closer," he says, his mind already mapping their route. "Maybe a maintenance closet? They'd have a drain."

The flicker of hope is almost cruel. "Right," Rui breathes, forcing herself to uncross her legs and follow him. Every step is a calculated risk. She walks with a stiff, rolling gait, trying to minimize the jarring impact of her feet on the grated metal floor. It's a dance of pure desperation. One hand stays jammed in her pocket, pressing the fabric hard against her crotch, a constant, desperate pressure. The other occasionally drifts to her lower abdomen, as if she could physically hold the churning ocean inside her. The sterile, recycled air of the lab feels cold against her fevered skin. The drone of the machinery, once a background hum, now feels like a personal torment, a constant vibration that travels up her legs and threatens to shake her control apart.

Wes walks ahead, a picture of stoic resolve, but inside, he is fighting a silent, losing battle. The dull throb in his bladder has sharpened into a deep, insistent ache. He can feel the liquid weight shifting with every movement, a constant reminder of his own fullness. He's good at this, at pushing past discomfort, at compartmentalizing. But this is a primal need, one that refuses to be ignored. He finds himself unconsciously adjusting his walk, his steps becoming a little shorter, a little more deliberate. He scans every door they pass, not just for Cipher guards, but for any sign of a sanitation symbol, anything that looks promising. A simple door marked with the universal figure of a person would be a godsend right now.

They turn a corner into a longer, straighter corridor lined with humming server banks. The open space feels like a exposure, a stage for her private misery. Rui's control wavers. A sudden, powerful urge, a hot, sharp spike of pressure, makes her gasp and stumble. She freezes, one foot lifted off the ground, her entire body tensing like a drawn bowstring. She squeezes her thighs together so hard her muscles quiver.

"Rui?" Wes stops, looking back at her. His own desperation makes him impatient, but the sight of her, rigid and trembling, tempers it with a surge of protectiveness.

"Don't…don't talk," she grits out, her eyes squeezed shut. She's panting, short, sharp breaths. The urge subsides, retreating to a dull, throbbing menace, but it's left her shaken and weak. A tiny, terrifying damp spot blossoms in the fabric of her shorts, a secret betrayal known only to her. The warmth is a shocking, shameful violation.

For Wes, the sight is a catalyst. The ache in his own bladder intensifies, a sympathetic pang that feels dangerously close to a tipping point. He has to physically clench the muscles low in his body, a familiar but unwelcome tightening. The idea of finding a proper toilet now seems like a foolish fantasy. Cipher wouldn't waste resources on something so mundane for its lab coated scientists and grunts. They'd have something functional, something hidden away. Or nothing at all.

Rui forces her leaden limbs to move again. "It's...it's passing," she lies, the words not nearly enough to convince. It isn't passing. It's just waiting, a coiled Seviper ready to strike again. They continue down the corridor, Wes' internal compass spinning, searching for a door, a sign, anything. His own bladder is now a hard, heavy knot pressing against the inside of his pelvis. Each step sends a jolt of pressure up his spine, a sharp warning. He has to fight the instinct to grab himself, to relieve the strain with the pressure of his own hand. He settles for clenching his jaw, the muscle jumping in his cheek.

Rui walks behind him, a ghost of her usual self. Her desperation has consumed all her other thoughts, her usual fiery personality dampened to a flickering ember. She's now using a kind of waddle, her feet turned slightly inward, her legs pressed together from thigh to calf. The constant, bouncing friction is the only thing holding back the flood. Her gaze is locked on Wes' back, using his steady motion as an anchor, a point of focus in a sea of rising panic. She can feel the damp spot on her shorts, a tiny, miserable island of failure in a vast ocean of need. The air from the ventilation shaft above feels icy, raising goosebumps on her exposed arms and making the patch of moisture feel even colder.

They pass a doorway marked 'High Voltage Equipment.' Wes gives it a hopeful glance, but it's just another server room, filled with massive, humming machines and banks of blinking lights. The thought of all that electricity, of all that pulsing power, makes his own need feel even more pressing, more biological and pathetic. He has to stop, leaning a shoulder against the cool metal wall for a moment. He takes a deep, shuddering breath, trying to ride out a fresh wave of intensity.

"Find...find anything?" Rui asks, her voice thin and reedy. She's pressed against the opposite wall, mirroring him, her body angled away from him in a futile attempt at modesty. Her legs are crossed at the ankle, her hands gripped into tight fists in her pockets.

"Just more servers," Wes grunts, the words forced out through clenched teeth. He straightens up, the movement sending a new, sharper pang through his abdomen. This is getting bad. He's reaching his limit. The idea of holding it for much longer is becoming less of a challenge and more of a physical impossibility.

"Let's...keep moving," Wes manages to say, pushing himself off the wall. The effort of standing upright sends a fresh, alarming signal from his bladder. It's not just an ache anymore; it's a sharp, insistent cramp, a demand for release that's getting harder to argue with. He takes a cautious step, then another, each one a negotiation with his own body. His usual fluid grace is gone, replaced by a rigid, careful gait.

Rui follows, a silent, suffering shadow. The waddle has become more pronounced, a desperate, scuttling motion. Her focus is entirely internal, her world shrunk to the size of a few inches of her own anatomy. Every hum from the lights, every beep from a console, feels like a direct assault on her failing control. The tiny damp patch has grown, a dark, secret shadow that she can feel clinging to her skin, a constant, clammy reminder of her precarious state. She's stopped hoping for a bathroom. Now she's just hoping to make it to the next corner without a complete catastrophe.

They reach a T junction. To the left, the corridor slopes downward, toward the deeper levels of the lab. To the right, it leads to what looks like a central control hub, a large circular room with windows overlooking the main experimentation floor. The control hub is well lit, a beacon of activity.

"The control room," Wes says, a sliver of hope cutting through his discomfort. "There has to be an admin office or something in there. They'd have a private bathroom."

It's their best lead. Rui nods, her face pale and shiny with a sheen of sweat. The effort of nodding sends another tremor through her body. She clamps her thighs together, a small, choked whimper escaping her lips.

They push forward toward the bright light. The journey of fifty feet feels like a mile. Wes can feel the pressure building to an unbearable peak, a hard, heavy fullness that makes his head swim. He has to consciously unclench his jaw, reminding himself to breathe. He pictures a lock, a rusty, ancient lock, and imagines himself turning the key, holding it shut. It's a stupid trick, but it's all he has.

Rui is not so lucky. As they approach the automatic doors of the control room, they slide open with a soft *whoosh* of air. The sudden change in pressure, the burst of cooler air from the room, is enough. A hot, sharp spasm rocks her to her core. She gasps, freezing mid step. One foot is hovering over the threshold, the other planted firmly behind. Her body seizes up, every muscle locking down in a desperate, last ditch effort.

Wes is almost through the door when he realizes she isn't behind him. He turns, and the sight of her, rigid and pale as a sheet, makes his own bladder ache in sympathy. "Rui?"

She can't answer. Her teeth are gritted so hard her jaw aches. Her eyes are wide, fixed on some point in the middle distance. She's fighting a war, a silent, internal battle against her own body. For a terrifying moment, she thinks she's lost. A definite, undeniable warmth spreads, a quick, hot rush that has her heart plummeting into her stomach. But then, just as quickly as it started, it stops. She's managed to clamp down, but the cost is immense. She's left trembling, her breath coming in ragged, sobbing pants. She knows with a horrible certainty that she is on borrowed time. The next wave won't be stoppable.

Wes steps back into the corridor, placing a hesitant hand on her shoulder. He can feel the fine tremors running through her. "Come on. Just a little further."

Rui forces herself to nod, her movements jerky and unnatural. She shuffles through the doorway into the control room. The space is large and circular, dominated by a central console and a holographic display of the entire lab facility. In the back, there's a single, unassuming door marked 'Director.' Hope, fragile and foolish, flares in her chest.

They make their way across the room, their steps agonizingly slow. Wes' own desperation is a roaring in his ears now. The hard knot in his lower abdomen has become a tight, cramping fist. He has to walk with his legs stiff, slightly apart, any movement of his thighs sending a jolt of pure agony through him. He can feel the liquid sloshing inside him, a heavy, pendulous weight that threatens to pull him down. He glances at Rui. Her face is a mask of pale, strained concentration. She looks utterly, terrifyingly on the edge. He leans his forehead against the cool metal of the door, a wave of nausea washing over him. The pressure is immense, a physical presence inside him, pushing down, demanding an escape.

"No," Rui whispers, the word a broken little thing. She's looking at the locked door, and all the fight seems to drain out of her. Her shoulders slump. Her legs, which have been locked together for so long, suddenly feel weak and useless. She slumps against the wall beside the door, sliding down until she's sitting on the floor, her knees pulled up to her chest. She buries her face in her knees, her whole body shaking with silent, dry sobs of defeat.

For a terrifying moment, he thinks that she has lost control, but somehow, with her hand pressed tight to her crotch, she has still managed to hold on. He looks around the control room for anything, anything at all that could be used, but all they can do is continue to hunt for somewhere to go.

The sound of Rui's defeated sob is like a shard of glass in Wes' ear. It cuts through the fog of his own agony, sharpening it into a clear, cold point of urgency. He can't give up. Not now. Not when she's this close to the edge.

"Get up," he says, his voice a harsh, strained command. He pushes himself off the door, the movement sending a sickening lurch through his gut. He has to swallow hard against a wave of nausea. "We're not done yet."

Rui lifts her head, her face streaked with tears of frustration. "There's nowhere, Wes. It's over." Her words are slurred, her focus entirely inward. She presses the heel of her hand harder against her crotch, a desperate, futile gesture.

"We haven't checked the lower levels," Wes insists, forcing the words out. He knows it's a lie, a cruel hope. The lower levels mean more stairs, more corridors, more walking. It's a journey he's not sure he can make himself. But he has to try. For her. "Come on."

He reaches down, offering her a hand. She looks at it, then at his face, and sees the raw determination there, warring with the same agony that's consuming her. With a shuddering sigh, she takes his hand. His grip is iron, a lifeline in her sea of misery. He pulls her to her feet, and the sudden change in position makes her gasp, her control wavering for a heart stopping second. She locks her knees, her body ramrod straight, and manages to hold on.

They turn away from the locked office, giving up on it entirely. They head for the sloping corridor leading down. The incline is torture. Every downward step increases the pressure, a slow, inexorable grind against their exhausted muscles. Wes has to place a hand on the wall for balance, his knuckles white. His bladder feels like a leaden weight, pulling him down, making him hunch over slightly. The cool metal of the wall is a small mercy against his fevered skin.

Rui is behind him, taking the stairs one at a time, her body pressed against the wall. She's no longer walking; she's just lowering herself from one step to the next, her thighs pressed together so tightly they burn. The air grows thicker as they descend, warmer, carrying the distinct smell of ozone and hot electronics. The humming down here is deeper, a bass thrum that vibrates through the soles of their shoes and directly into their overfull bladders.

This new level of the lab is a different kind of hell. It's a warren of narrow passages and cramped maintenance shafts, the ceiling lower, the air hotter and more stagnant. The lighting is poorer, leaving long, menacing stretches of shadow between the sputtering fluorescent tubes. The feeling of being trapped, of being deep underground with no escape, is suffocating.

Wes leads the way, his movements now reduced to a slow, painful shuffle. He's holding himself so rigidly it's a wonder he can move at all. Every muscle from his waist down is clenched in a constant, cramping effort. The ache has transcended pain, becoming a dull, roaring pressure that fills his entire consciousness. He feels like a overinflated balloon, stretched to its absolute limit, and the slightest bump, the slightest shift in pressure, could be the end. He has to consciously fight the urge to pant, knowing that shallow breathing only makes it worse. He focuses on the cold, hard floor, on the scuff marks left by careless boots, on anything other than the liquid agony demanding release.

Rui follows, her will to continue fraying with every agonizing step. Her desperation is no longer a secret; it's a physical reality that dictates her every move. Her waddle is extreme now, her knees almost touching with each shuffle. One hand is permanently jammed between her legs, her fingers digging into the fabric of her shorts, applying a constant, desperate pressure that she knows is only a temporary fix. The other hand trails along the wall, her fingertips leaving smudges on the grimy surface. The damp patch on her shorts has grown again, a small, dark, and shameful secret that feels huge and obvious to her. She can feel the cool, clammy fabric against her skin, a constant reminder of how close she is to absolute humiliation. Her mind is a blank slate, wiped clean of everything but the single, overwhelming need to find a place to go.

They pass a doorway marked 'Chemical Waste Disposal,' and for a fleeting, insane moment, Rui considers it. The thought of a drain, any drain, is intoxicating. But Wes pulls her onward, shaking his head. The smell alone is enough to tell them it's not a viable option. They are trapped in a maze of their own making, hunted by a basic, biological urge that refuses to be ignored. Every passing second feels like an eternity, a countdown to a disaster that is becoming increasingly inevitable.

Wes stops dead in the middle of the corridor. The change is so abrupt that Rui bumps into his back, a clumsy collision that sends a jolt of panic through her. She lets out a choked gasp, frantically doubling over. He doesn't even notice. He's staring at a large, humming machine they've just passed, its metallic surface gleaming under the flickering lights. A slow, wild idea is dawning in his mind, a desperate, brilliant solution born of pure, unadulterated need.

He turns to face her, and there's a strange, almost feral glint in his eyes. "Rui," he says, his voice low and urgent. "Forget it."

"Forget what?" she wheezes, still bent at the waist, her face pale.

"Looking for a bathroom. There isn't one." He gestures vaguely at the humming machinery around them. "We don't care if this stuff works. Cipher does. We don't." He takes a step closer, lowering his voice even more. "So why are we searching? Why are we torturing ourselves?"

Rui straightens up slowly, confusion warring with her overwhelming desperation. "What are you talking about?"

He pulls two Poke Balls from his belt. "Espeon. Entei. They can stand guard. We do what we need to do, and we get out of here."

The sheer, unvarnished audacity of the suggestion hits Rui like a physical blow. Relief wars with mortification in a dizzying rush. "Here? Now? With our…with our pants down?" she squeaks, her face blooming with fresh heat. The idea is so scandalous, so wrong, that a fresh, hot spike of pressure rockets through her. "Wes, no! I can't just…"

The protest dies in her throat. As she speaks the words, as the sheer embarrassment of the image floods her system, her body betrays her. It's not a trickle this time. It's a definite, warm spurt, a hot, shameful rush that soaks into her already damp shorts and trickles down her inner thigh. It's only for a second, a single, undeniable leak, but it's enough. It's the final straw.

"Eep!" The sound is small, pathetic, utterly defeated. A tiny, shaky nod is all she can manage.

That's all he needs. He doesn't hesitate. The two Pokemon materialize, their forms solid and powerful in the narrow corridor. "Guard," Wes commands, his voice tight.

He doesn't wait for a response. He turns his back to her, facing the humming bank of machines. With practiced, economical movements, he unbuckles his belt, pops the button on his jeans, and shoves them and his boxers down to his knees in one rough motion.

The sight is so sudden, so surreal, that Rui can only stare for a second. Then the sight of him, bare and unashamed, breaks through her own paralyzing embarrassment. Her hands, shaking, fumble with the button on her own shorts. She mimics his movements, turning to face a different console, shoving her damp shorts and underwear down around her knees. The cool air on her bare, wet skin is a shock.

And then, release.

It's not a gentle stream, but more like a flood. The sheer force of it is almost painful, a gushing, cathartic expulsion that seems to last forever. A heavy, steaming spray hits the metal casing of the console with a loud, hissing patter, the sound echoing obscenely in the quiet corridor. A long, shuddering groan of relief escapes Wes' lips, a sound so raw it makes Rui's own muscles clench in sympathy. She leans her forehead against the cold metal of the console, her own stream joining his in a duet of desperate relief. The sound is loud, wet, and utterly, completely satisfying.

In the midst of it, she risks a glance over her shoulder. He's leaning forward, one hand braced against the machine, the other on his hip. His back is to her, a landscape of tense muscle and pale skin. She can see the powerful muscles in his thighs flexing, the taut curve of his spine. And watching him, seeing him in this raw, vulnerable state, a strange, unexpected heat blooms low in her stomach, separate and distinct from the relief she's feeling.

Wes feels her gaze on him. He turns his head slightly, just enough to see her out of the corner of his eye. She's leaning against her own console, her shorts pooled around her knees, her pale legs exposed. He can see the curve of her hip, the delicate line of her back, and the sight sends a similar jolt through him. The pleasure of the release is immense, but it's suddenly layered with something else, a tense, electric awareness of her. He holds her gaze for a fraction of a second too long, an unspoken acknowledgment passing between them in the steamy, humming air.

Their streams slow, tapering off into a last few weak spurts. The sudden silence that falls, broken only by the hum of the lab and the quiet breathing of their Pokemon, is heavy with new meaning. They slowly, awkwardly, pull their clothes back up, the rustle of fabric loud in the quiet. They don't look at each other, but the air between them crackles. They both know that, even if they wanted to, they really don’t have time to talk about any of this right now.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

