Kinky Friends Become a Family

Author: Zero_4793

*000*2022-10-31 00:26

Chapter 1: Manas and Valora

Two friends living rough, make do as they wait for new housemates.

***

Slouching on the couch, exhausted after a long day of work Valora sighs “Can you cook tonight?

Manas standing in the doorway, ready to head back to his room, sighs in response “Sure, but you never like my meals”

Valora groans briefly before responding “I know, I know! But I just can’t ok, I’m flat out at work, the least you could do is cook for us once in a while!”

Manas opens his mouth to respond, but pauses to reconsider his words “You know… … I will cook as I know your doing a lot. But don’t forget I do all the cleaning… and I’m looking for other house mates.”

Valora only sighs in response, her anger wanting to show itself. But she knows Manas understands, they are both struggling in their current predicament. Valora turns on the tele, just to relax for a while.

Feeling stressed out Manas walks to the bathroom and decides to relieve himself. He would usually stand to pee, but he sits down to try and relax, closing his eyes and somewhat meditating as he empties his bladder. When washing his hands, he splashes his face to regain focus.

Manas then heads to the kitchen and ponders what he’ll make. It can be a challenging decision for Manas as he lacks culinary talent. Although he can cook food he doesn’t mind, Valora’s requirements are rather high, and her temper short. Manas considers Cheese toasties and ramen. But those wont satiate Valora, and he’d rather not receive her wrath. Then he remembers they have mince. He could cook up some nachos, the one meal he can actually cook somewhat competently. So, he begins to prepare that in the kitchen.

After a short while of mindless tv Valora gets up and heads to the kitchen, sniffing and smiling “Ahh nachos, your one good meal”. Manas squints back feigning offence but understanding its pretty accurate. “But we don’t have Doritos” Valora continues.

Manas freezes for a moment “Well… shit!” Valora groans in response. Manas thinks for a moment “I… I’ll just chop up some salad, yeah, salad and mince. That’s fine right?”

Valora nods in agreement before leaving down the hallway. She heads to the bathroom as she still hasn’t peed since work. When away from home she would usually pee from above the seat, but at home and due to her exhaustion, she sits down and just relaxes this time. As she empties her bladder, she lets out a long relaxed sigh. She then dries herself and washes her hands before returning to Manas.

Manas begins plating up their salad and mince. Placing the mince in iceberg lettuce leaves, as a substitute for tacos or nachos. When he spots Valora he hands her plate over and they both head to the table. Manas returns to the fridge to get drinks whilst Valora sits down and begins to eat. Manas soon returns, filling their glasses before sitting down to eat also.

“Hmmm, this actually isn’t half bad” grins Valora. Manas smiles back pleased. After a short pause Valora then confronts Manas with an odd tone “Manas… I have been quite frustrated lately.

“Yeah, I know, I’m looking for house mates…”

“No not like that, well that also, but sexually” she glances away slightly red

Manas looks back at her surprised at first but then chuckles back “Oh is it that time again”

“Oh, fuck you!” snaps Valora

Manas looks confused, then catches up “Oh shit sorry, not like that” he laughs awkwardly “I just meant time for some more mutual…” he drifts off, still awkward about the topic as they have only done it twice before.

“Yes, I want that again. I need to relieve stress from work”

“I understand, same as last time?”

“Well, I was… never mind, yes just like last time”

“No no, what were you going to say?”

“I want something more, a kink of mine…” Valora goes quiet, uncharacteristically nervous.

Manas’s eyes light up “Oh? I’m listening”

Valora continues, though weary “I would like… to um… I would like to pee on you”

Manas goes silent, his face pale, his cock hard. He clears his throat “You would like to pee on me?”

“Yes!” she responds almost aggressively.

“You know, I am actually aroused by pee too, you have no idea how excited I am to hear that we share that interest.”

Valora looks at him smiling and taking a calming breath “You do? I think I know now.”

“However ‘Lora, I am not particularly fond of the idea of you peeing on me.”

“What, you just said you liked pee too?” Valora responds, her temper growing once more.

“I do, but I’d rather watch you wet yourself then to pee on me. You see, I am fond of desperation and wetting”

Valora pauses for a moment “I will not wet myself!”

“Ok, well could you at least hold till desperate?” he queries.

“As long as I can pee on you”

Manas nods “Just uh, not the face ok”

Valora rolls her eyes a little before smiling back.

Manas smiles back also “So you will hold until desperate, then you will shower me in your piss?”

“Yes, sounds good”

“In the bath I suppose? And I guess you better drink up…”

She nods back before filling her glass with more water “Hey, can you grab me a can of cola from the fridge then.

Manas goes to the fridge but returns with three cans. He places two cans in front of her “Have two, fill that bladder up” he chimes excitedly “And well, I was thirsty too” as he opens his can.

Valora obliges and begins to down her glass of water and cans of soda. She and Manas sit and watch tv as she fills her bladder. The pair chat about their desires as they are both excited, discovering they both enjoy pee, but from less than compatible angles.

Valora begins to squirm lightly. “Ok, time to pee” she says standing up.

“Wait, can’t you hold a bit longer?” Manas queries.

“No, I am going now, come on” she demands.

Manas follows Valora to the bathroom. “I’m excited for this, just remember, not the face. Chest and genitals are fine”

Valora chuckles “Genitals… just say cock you prude”

Manas rolls his eyes as the pair enter “Whatever” He begins to strip.

Valora watches then follows. The two watch each other as they strip naked in front of one another.

Manas steps into the tub and lays down as best he can. In an awkward position as he waits patiently for Valora. His mostly erect cock laying to the side on his abdomen.

Valora steps in, her feet either side of him. Still holding herself, covering her vulva from view. But Manas’s dick grew despite this, her stunning form in self holding desperation drives him wild. His cock already begins to twitch in anticipation. Valora looks down at Manas, he was pretty attractive to her, and she was about to shower him, she was about to pee on one of her best friends, how exciting she thought as she moved her hand away from her labia revealing herself to him.

“I’m ready when you are… you don’t mind if I touch myself?”

She wished to control his orgasms, but new it wouldn’t go over well “Yea, sure, go ahead” as she spread her legs a little more getting ready to release her desperate bladder all over him.

Manas slid his hand down to his cock and held it. Not jerking yet, waiting for her stream. He already wanted to cum so bad. He just looked up at her and smiled in anticipation.

Valora smiled mischievously as she began to relax. First a few drops. Manas’s cock twitched as the drops hit his thighs. Then a squirt hit his sack, Manas moaned. Then Valora moaned as her flood gates opened and she began streaming her hot piss over his body. Manas began to stroke himself as he watched Valoras pussy gush piss over him. His chest getting a splash, he turned away to protect his face. Valora noticed and groaned lightly, she corrects her aim at his junk. Manas turns back smiling thankfully as her stream strikes his tip. He moans out as he begins to cum. Valora’s body covers in goose bumps at the sight of him cumming to her shower. She continues to pee for a little longer, halting to a few drips a little after he finishes cumming on himself.

“That was amazing! Thanks for that ‘lora”

Valora smirks back at Manas before stepping out of the bathtub. She walks over to a purple towel hanging off the doorknob, pulls the hanging corner towards herself and wipes herself dry. Manas’s eyes go wide as he watches her dry her pussy and thighs on his towel. She looks back cheekily.

Without any further interaction Valora dons her clothes and leaves the room. Manas still laying in the tub, wet and sticky. Smiling giddily. After a moment of internal thought, manas steadies to his feet and waddles to the shower, holding his hands at his abdomen, attempting to prevent the dripping of substances onto the floor. Once in Manas relieves his bladder with a long sensual sigh. Then continues to shower like normal.

Valora once in her room lays on her bead, lowers her red dolphin shorts and lowers her hand to her lips. She thinks about the events just past and begins to pleasure herself. Once she hears the shower running, she stops holding back and lets herself moan out. Sending her fingers in and not just running around the outside. She manages to orgasm before the shower stops. She cleans up and heads out to the living room. She sits down on the sofa and turns the tv back on. Not even a minute later she hears the bathroom door open, she continues to watch tv, not acknowledging it.

After his shower he throws his old clothes into the laundry tub, dries himself with his towel, thinks about how it was used to dry her and smiles. He realises he didn’t bring in a change of clothes. But shrugs as he throws the towel in the tub and just struts out in the nude. Manas looks down the hallway towards the living room, over the horizon of the couch he can see the back of her head. He makes a funny stance and swings his cock around a little. Then blushes and turns away at his silly act before continuing to his room to get dressed.

Once dressed in a loose t-shirt and shorts he strolls down the hallway to Valora and sits beside her. They glance casual smiles at each other before turning back to watch their show. Once the show they watch together is over Manas heads back to his room, leaving Valora to watch the next show on her own.

When Manas returns to his computer he finds an exciting message, with a grin across his face he jogs down the hallway and carelessly interrupts Valoras viewing of her show “Hey! ‘Lora, we have potential housemates”

“Oh! Who?”

“Their names are Yasu and Reiki”

“Two guys huh?”

“Yeah, well it’s expected to be 2 of either more than 1 of both” he shrugs

“Yeah, you didn’t choose guys over girls, did you?”

“No, we need house mates so bad I don’t have the room for such bias, and anyway, I wouldn’t have a problem with living with three girls” he laughs

Valora peers back unimpressed.

“So uhh, if your cool with it, they’re ready to visit this weekend”

“Yeah, let’s get some other peeps here, even if it’s all guys, who knows, maybe I’ll have a reverse harem” she laughs

“You wish”

“So, what were their names again?” asks Valora

Manas looks down at his phone, “Yasu and Reiki.”

***

(Not the best start, i considered reworking this, might still. But i'd never submit it if i try to perfect it)

*001*2022-10-31 00:34

Chapter 2: Yasu and Reiki

Two friends looking to move out, prepare for a weekend stay at a potential new home.

***

Yasu stands silent as his mother berates him. “When will you get a job, when will you get your own place. You’re a use… I’m sorry, Just, I hate seeing you do nothing with your life”

Yasu takes a moment to choose his words “I…”

“And you never respond, you just stand there and do nothing” his mother grunts before storming away to sit on the couch and mindlessly watch tv.

Yasu sighs then heads out. He begins his walk of a few blocks towards his best friend’s house. He thinks about the exciting news he aims to share with Reiki in an attempt to improve his mood. Yasu imagines living with Reiki will be very nice. A grin spreads across his face, as he dreams more, he even begins to skip. And before he knows it, he has reached the final block. Just up this last street to Reiki’s. As he approaches the front, he slows his pace and calms himself. He notices that no one is home yet, but this isn’t unusual. He goes through the gate into their backyard and sits on a bench to wait for Reiki to return home.

Reiki restrains from holding himself as he serves customers. Trying hard not to squirm. He peers at the clock, only 15 minutes till his shift is over. He continues serving his last customers.

“Thank you miss, have a good day” he says politely to his last customer as he quickly turns and heads for the exit. As he grabs his stuff ready to head home, his manager walks in to ask him some questions. Reiki tries not to squirm as he listens to his manager. Once they are finished talking to him, he sighs in relief. Then his eyes go wide. He turns blushing. He grabs his stuff and scurries out the door before his manager spots his damp spot. His relief was premature, now his pants are damp and his bladder aches for relief. Reiki rushes to his car, now hardly avoiding his squirms. He gets in, throws his bag to the passenger seat, and begins his journey home. It’s not a long journey, but it sure feels it right now.

He manages to get home without leaking. But as he gets out of the car, he feels another spurt dampen his pants, it would now be visible. Reiki knows he isn’t going to make it inside, he’s had this happen before, he’ll just head around back and go on the lawn, there’s enough foliage along the fences to protect him from strange eyes.

Reiki goes through the gate to his backyard. Yasu turns to him excitedly, standing up from the bench seat. Reiki’s face goes pale in shock. His mind races a million miles an hour. Yasu sees Reiki’s shock, but before he can even get a word out, he spots the damp spot on his friends’ navy trousers. Yasu goes silent as he is unsure what to do or say, his growing erection hardly helping. Reiki stumbles towards the back door in a vain attempt to make it, in denial of the impending reality. Yasu walks towards eager to help, unaware just how close Reiki’s damn is to bursting.

Reiki lets out a cute groan, in an attempt not to moan as his relief begins. Leaning against the back door. Standing on the concrete step. His bladder begins to empty into his navy work trousers.

Standing behind him, Yasu stands in shock and awe. He loves what he is seeing but feels guilty about it. But he just freezes. He doesn’t turn around. He doesn’t say anything. He just, watches.

Reiki tries to hold on to any he can despite how much has already run down his legs. Groaning helplessly. Whishing he could just give in and enjoy it. He wouldn’t mind wetting if he wasn’t being watched.

Reiki eventually finishes. Though not completely, due to holding back during the entire release, he still has some left once he stops.

Reiki turns just his head, tearing up “I-I couldn’t hold it”

Yasu steps back “I-I saw” he tries to be comforting. But just comes off abrasive.

Reiki stands up straight, taking a step back to view his puddle. “I… can’t believe I just… wet myself” as he begins to sob.

Yasu thinks about giving Reiki a comforting hug, telling him it’s all right. Even telling him that he thought it was hot. But none of that happens, Yasu simply and awkwardly replies after a pause of silence “you uhh, should get cleaned up”

Reiki wipes his face of tears and nods. He would love a hug right now, to give up and give in to Yasu’s control, to just be taken care of, or even punished. But he is used to this side of Yasu. Reiki shakily fondles his key out of his pocket and begins opening the door. He sighs and pants as he opens the door and walks inside, every action a chore for him now.

Yasu watches his wet friend walk towards the bathroom. “Reiki, I’ll just wait out here” trying to at least avoid awkwardness, even if he’s too cautious to help out.

Reiki makes it into the bathroom. He strips down and chucks his wet clothes in the laundry tub. He steps into the shower and turns it on. Once it’s on he slides down the wall slumping into a huddle on the floor. He resumes crying, now more openly as the shower drowns his tears out. He washes himself slowly as he cries on the shower floor.

Yasu sits on the sofa and plays the events over in his mind, again and again. He is still very hard but feels so guilty and bad for Reiki. He wants to get off, but decides against it, feeling it too rude, to get off to his friends’ misery. So, he just lets his erection subside, despite the pre making his underwear less than comfortable. He just sits there awkwardly twiddling his thumbs.

Once Reiki finishes cleaning and crying, he gets out and dries himself. As he is drying himself, he finds he is hard. Wetting himself in front of his friend is an arousing thought, if only it happened differently. He too resists and lets his erection subside as he rushes to his room and gets dressed. Reiki dons a loose cyan t-shirt and track pants. He then heads out to meet Yasu, feeling nervous and aroused again at the prospect of this conversation.

“So uh, I have…” Yasu tries to speak but gets cut off.

“I don’t know what to say, th-that never happens!” bursts Reiki. “I-I just got caught with work, and then uh, the traffic.” He rambles finding himself about to tear up again.

Yasu stands and turns to him. He goes to raise his hand to Reiki’s shoulder but stops, awkwardly lowering his arm to his side. “Reiki, it’s ok. You don’t need to explain.” He pauses “…Accidents happen.”

Reiki sniffles and rubs his eyes. He smiles at Yasu “Thanks… Yasu.”

“So… for a change of topic…” Yasu blatantly Segway’s “I have some good news!”

The pair sit down on the couch as Reiki responds “Oh? Uh, what’s the good news?”

“I found us a place, well, with other peeps. But away from here” Yasu continues excitedly

Reiki’s mood improves to this news and his accident is soon in the back of his mind as he queries more from Yasu.

Yasu excitedly answers all of Reiki’s questions.

“So, Reiki, what do you say we spend the weekend with Manas and Valora this weekend? They offered a free weekend as a trial run, see if we can get along etc. Y’know”

Reiki nodded in response “Sounds good, I’m in!”

Reiki and Yasu played games for a few hours, ignoring the accident. After which Yasu returned home. They both began to pack that Friday night, hyped for their weekend away.

***

The next morning Yasu gets up bright and early, saying goodbye to his parents and walks to Reiki’s place. It takes a while longer as he carries his stuff. Thankfully he has a light load in a wheeled carry bag.

When he reaches Reiki’s, he knocks on the door to no response. He knocks again, no response. He knocks a third time. The door opens to a Reiki still in his PJ’s.

“Dude, why so early?”

“It’s only one weekend, I want to make the most of it. Plus, it’s not that early”

“Its 9am”

“Yeah… 6 is early”

“Whatever, you can come in. But you’ll have to wait in the living room”

Yasu nods and enters. Taking his stuff to the living room and sitting on Reiki’s couch. Reliving yesterdays situation in his head again, tenting a little as he waits.

Reiki goes back to his room and grabs his stuff for a shower. He’d usually stay in bed for an hour or two more on the weekend, but His friend was here now, and he was excited for this weekend too.

After his shower he went to Yasu and brought him back to his room before his parents got up and went around the house with their routine. Not to hide him as such, they knew he was here from the early knocking also, but he just didn’t want their prying and disruptions.

Yasu helped Reiki finish packing. Once they were both ready, they went out to Reiki’s parents and notified them. “Hey mum, dad, we are ready to head off”

“Just you two wait a minute” his mum responds pointing at the kitchen table with bacon and eggs set out on four plates. “You two can leave after breakfast”

Reiki nods and Yasu thanks as they each join them for the breakfast meal.

It’s a pleasant meal and conversation. Once finished they say their goodbyes, empty their bladders, get in the car, and head off with nervous excitement coursing through them.

***

(This will be very slow updates, sorry. started this over a year ago, currently working on chapter 3. dont get that much time to work on it.)

