Pokemon - Sasha's Audition

Author: Zenkopan

*000*2017-11-01 23:52

This was a commission by Bachiri over at FurAffinity from a few months back. I'm really pleased with how this turned out and thought some people here might be interested as well.

Contains female Braixen desperation and peeing.

I'm also always looking for writers willing to write this type of content, so if anyone here is open to taking commissions shoot me a message.

###

“And this will be your room for the audition.” The crew worker said as she opened the door for me and my trainer, ushering us into a small dressing room. It had a vanity with bright lights, clothing racks in the back that actually had outfits in my size, some makeup that was easy to wash out of fur already laid out on the vanity and plenty of space in the center to practice in! It’s a perfect dressing room for a Braixen.

“Sorry for the inconvenience,” the attendant’s words brought me back to reality, “but it will likely be up to two hours before your audition begins. We have more applicants than expected and you were both late getting here, so you’ve been bumped down to the last on the list.” I nearly went slack-jawed at this, but my bewilderment was replaced by anger before any surprise showed on my face.

“Brai, Braixen braix!” I was about to go off on a tirade about how they couldn’t just bump us down the list because we were just a few… tens of minutes late, but my trainer, Will, stopped me with a response of his own. His voice immediately stopped mine in its tracks, suddenly no longer interested in seeming aggressive.

“Oh, don’t mind Sasha, she’s a bit hot-headed, even by fire-type standards. The waiting won’t be a problem, I’m sure, it’ll just give us more time to practice if anything.” I fumed slightly, hating being called “hot-headed,” but he had enough of a point that I didn’t really care so much. What really got me though was that the human woman was giggling at his words. I rolled my eyes and turned to walk further into the dressing room, approached the vanity and took a seat on the little stool that was already fitted for a Pokemon of my size. I took a good look in the mirror as Will and the crew lady talked some more- about me, probably, but I didn’t really pay much attention at first, I wanted to make sure I looked at least somewhat decent before messing with any makeup. The mirror reflected all of my features flawlessly; my yellow and white fur above the waist, black fur below, red “flares” puffing out of my long and fox-like ears.

I heard another giggle and a chuckle coming from behind me, and looking behind my reflection in the mirror I saw the same woman still chatting with Will. That she was still here talking to my trainer spoke a lot about her job dedication. For some reason, watching them made me feel irritated, and I glared at Will through the mirror. He was nineteen years old, with about five years of Pokemon training under his belt- four of them I had been with him through. His shaggy brown hair made a lot of people think that he was unkempt and messy, but in truth he was a bit of a neat-freak. He wore a black T-shirt with a Pokeball logo on the front, and some baggy denim shorts. As with most Pokemon trainers, his outfit was completed by a belt that held most of his Pokeballs as well as some utility pouches that held things like berries and medicine. He liked travelling light, and didn’t have any sort of backpack.

After another few minutes, the attendant finally left. I didn’t feel bad about the psychic message I sent to Will after the door closed. Needless to say, the fact that I can telepathically speak to my master makes me a bit advanced for a Braixen, the whole Psychic-type thing belonging more to the older Delphox.

“Hitting on girls again, Will?” He turned back to me with a weary sigh, the same one he always gives whenever I ask that question. Or at least he gives that sigh when I ask and it turns out he is in fact hitting on girls. The one time that wasn’t the case, he simply said no and kept walking, so I know that he wasn’t just talking about the weather in this case.

“Are you ever gonna stop asking that, Sasha? I’m grown, I can get any lady that wants me. And of course I know they do, heh.” Unlike me, being limited to speaking the name of my species, Will was able to speak with an endless vocabulary. This would often get him some strange stares when I would talk to him mentally and he conversed with a Braixen that was silent, more often than not. Don’t get me wrong, trainers tend to talk with their Pokemon and get along well enough doing so, but our conversations tend to be very one-sided when it comes to vocalization.

“Don’t you know that being a womanizer is generally considered bad for your image? Or even more importantly, MY image? If I’m going to be a pro dancer, I don’t want it to be outed that my trainer tries to get in bed with every walking pair of breasts.” Okay. I actually kind of regretted saying that. Will crossed his arms at me and shot me an irritated look.

“Whoa, and where exactly did you learn that one?” My eyes shifted around the room, trying not to look him in the face as I tried to think of an excuse while simultaneously trying to shove out the memory of finding a certain magazine stuffed into one of his shoes as we were camping a few months back. Seconds passed as I tried to think of something, but I suppose he gave up as he gave another sigh and lowered his head before speaking again.

“Look, you’re supposed to be on your best behavior today, remember? I know it’s important to you, and I want to support you, but the deal was you keep your cool and I help you prepare and practice. But if you prefer, I can just go to the Gym for a while and let you handle the audition yourself.” I immediately turned away from the mirror and back to him, barking out a pleading “BRAI!”

“N-no! That’s not…! I… sorry, I’ll be good. I really do need your help, I need to be at my best if I’m going to impress Blaze.” Blaze was one of the best performance Pokemon in the region, often appearing in advertising and music videos. As a Blaziken- unoriginal name for one, perhaps- he was able to pull off all the moves and do so with grace and style. And best of all, he’s one of the judges today! Thinking of it made me mentally squeal, THE one and only Blaze watching me perform! Eeeeee! Oh, if I’m ever going to have a chance at impressing him, I need all the help I can get.

Will eventually lowered his arms, not that I’d even noticed that he had crossed them, the silence between that and my last words almost becoming stifling. “Okay, well I suppose we both know that I’m gonna keep helping you either way. Let’s start with some practice. Oh, and before you do, here’s another bottle of tea.” He grabbed a plastic bottle from the behind of his belt, filled with pale-green liquid. Green tea, I’ve been drinking plenty of it in order to keep myself hydrated and help keep my fur shining. Without any hesitation, I leap down onto the floor and quickly swipe the bottle away and open it up before he even has a chance to react. As I started drinking, I felt a twitch just behind my groin, the first signals of a filling bladder. I suppose that made sense, as I’d had at least three of these things today before getting here.

“Thirsty today, huh Sasha?” Will gave me a disapproving look from how quickly I had grabbed the bottle, making me stop drinking and fold my ears back slightly.

“Sorry, I was going to say thank you.” I really was going to do that. I think he picked up on the sincerity, as his demeanor quickly softened. That was one of the many things I lo- liked, about him. He knew when to be strict, and when to be fair.

“Alright then, well, finish up and let’s get started on practice.” I nod and continue to consume the contents of the bottle. Once it was empty, I tossed it into a small, plastic garbage bin that was conveniently placed in the corner of the room next to the door. Will gestured me over to the center of the dressing room as he half-squatted down on the vanity stool in my place, making me giggle slightly at the sight. He raised an eyebrow, but I didn’t say anything. As I took position for my opening sequence, I mentally mapped out what I would be doing for the next couple of hours. A warm-up, practice the beginner steps, a break, practice with the intermediate moves, another break, practice with the advanced set, a bathroom break, makeup and fur grooming, then the big show.

I figured I would save the bathroom break for when there are only one or two auditioners left, as the makeup and grooming only take about ten minutes anyway. And besides that, it seemed like a simple bit of wisdom to assume that the more refreshed you feel going into something, the better the quality you’ll give.

And so I decided not to say anything about it as I pulled the stick out of my tailfluff and took a stance to start practicing in. I started with a basic set, some fancy jumps and twirls, occasionally using the stick as a baton or a small pole, just a few simple and easy moves to get myself limbered up. I was careful to pace myself so that I wouldn’t get worn out, but even so I had to stop myself a few times to keep from throwing too much energy into a hip thrust or leg kick. As it was with every time I dance, I loved every second of it, and it wasn’t all that long in my mind before it was time to take a break. I exhaled as Will pulled another bottle of tea from the back of his belt, and this time I took it from him patiently after he’d extended his hand.

Dancing has always had a calming effect on me. Maybe it has something to do with putting my energy to good, physical use. Maybe it’s the idea of being seen for my grace and poise. Or maybe I just freakin’ love it! Honestly I don’t really know for certain what it is, but every time I finish a dance and give that final flourish, seeing my most supportive fan- Will- applaud me, I always feel like I could take on the world just from that.

As I twisted the cap off from the tea bottle, I felt a small wave crash against my insides, making me squeeze my legs together slightly before it just as suddenly receded. Oh, how much had I been drinking today again? I was surprised at how quickly it went from barely more than a twitch to an annoying nag, but that didn’t stop me from drinking. I had to keep hydrated, after all of the effort I’ve put in so far. And besides that, the more I hold, the better I’ll feel when I get to the bathroom, and the better I’ll perform when I hit the stage immediately after. That still makes sense, right?

I drank the tea over the course of my ten minute break and tossed it into the trash bin before getting back to practice. This time the dances were a bit more advanced, needing better footwork and for Will to put on a bit of music. Classical, of course, more modern things like Pop just have no fluid rhythm. Okay, bad idea to think of the word “fluid” right now. Unlike the last round of practice, I really started to notice the pressure in my abdomen building up. It wasn’t an emergency or anything, but the sensation really got on my nerves after about thirty minutes. I had to wonder if it was affecting my dancing, it’s hard to tell if you’re squirming too much or not when your whole body is already in motion.

After another ten minutes of dancing, working my limbs to the rhythm and keeping my thighs together as tightly as possible when I didn’t need to hold them apart, I made it to the second break. I gave a final flourish and Will clapped as I came to a standstill. He spoke up as I gave a friendly bow to my “audience.”

“That was great, Sasha! You looked a bit tense though, nervous about the audition?” I bit my lip slightly before sending a psychic response.

“Heh, I guess you could say that.” I had to suppress an urge to push a paw through my “skirt” of fur. Will simply flashed me a smile.

“Well don’t worry, you’re gonna knock ‘em all dead with the moves you’ve been showing me, I just know it!” I couldn’t help but feel a warm blush growing upon my face. Praise was always better than punishment of course, but when it came from him… I shook my head a bit, clearing the thoughts from my head and the red from my cheeks.

“Y-yeah I will! Thanks.” His confidence was contagious enough at least. With that, he handed me the last bottle of tea from off his belt and I again started drinking from it. My muscles were tiring out despite my pacing and I had to keep drinking, but this time I only gulped down about half of it before placing the bottle upon the vanity counter. I sat down on the stool for a bit while Will stood next to the door, and relaxed for a few minutes. Well, relax was a relative word, as I still needed to relieve myself quite badly, but I remained resolute in the plan. One more round of practice, run to the bathroom, run back for the final prep work, head out and blow away the judges. I could still hold it, but it would be a mad dash to the ladies’ room, no doubt about that. But… maybe it was better to be safe than sorry?

As I started to have doubts about the plan, I heard a couple of voices coming from outside. One of them was speaking in a Pokemon language, and it sounded like a Gardevoir. It seemed that Will must have heard them too, as he quickly turned his head toward the door. Curious, I scooted myself off the stool and moved over to the door and opened it up a crack, just enough to peek out into the hallway. It was a trainer and, as I suspected, a Gardevoir arguing about something.

“Please? We have to stay at least until my turn! He can wait for half an hour, can’t he?” The Gardevoir sounded almost frantic, apparently trying to convince her trainer not to leave before it was her turn to audition. By the sound of it, she was probably set to go up just before my turn.

“Hey, I know this is important for you, but we can always do this on another day, can’t we?” I almost gasped at the guy’s naivety to the fact that Blaze was only acting as a judge TODAY, before going on a month-long tour through the regions.

“No! Please, just do me a favor and let me do this audition before worrying about anything else and I swear I’ll make it up to you.” The Gardevoir had literally gotten on her knees and started begging, leading her trainer to sigh.

“Alright, fine, but it’s forty-five minutes, tops. And if anything else comes up before that, we leave immediately, audition or no.” The girl got back up and followed him closely.

“Okay, I understand, thank you!” They both walked back up the hallway, quickly leaving my sight. I closed the door again and turned toward Will.

“Huh, I wonder what all that was about?” My Trainer simply shrugged at the question. I half-waddled back over to the stool and took another gulp of tea before setting the bottle back down on the vanity surface.

Once break time was done, I got on with the last stretch of practice. Advanced step dances, ballet, country line, aerial, contemporary, anything that I could think of to use before narrowing it down to what I would be doing in the audition. Of course, the fact that concentrating on my moves helped keep my mind off my aching bladder was a welcome plus, but a fleeting one. It really didn’t take long for my biological needs to take center stage. I tried my best to suppress the urge, but after enough time and fluids, nothing can stop the instinct to keep your legs locked together tight. And that tends to really put a stop to any thoughts of dancing. I kept myself collected for about twenty minutes and I was just on the cusp of stumbling over my ever-tightening thighs when there was a sudden knock on the door. Will turned and stepped up to the door to open it, revealing that same attendant girl who brought us to the room over an hour ago.

“Hey, just wanted to let you both know that your Pokemon’s audition is two slots away, so it should be her turn in about half an hour.” She smiled at Will in a way that made me feel uneasy. Well, MORE uneasy. It took most of my concentration already to keep from shifting my weight everywhere.

“Alright, that’s good to know, thanks for the heads up.” Will returned the smile, but quickly closed the door as the attendant gave a short nod and walked off, probably to make sure that everybody was kept updated on the audition order. I sat down on the stool again, deciding to take my final break a bit early. After nearly losing my composure in that last bout, I figured that it was time to stop taking risks. Once I sat down though, it was too difficult to keep myself from moving and I had to keep my legs held together tightly. I think Will noticed it pretty quickly, so I tried to keep my eyes down by slowly drinking the rest of that tea bottle. It wasn’t until about nine or ten minutes later that he finally said something.

“Hey Sasha, you sure you’re alright? You’ve been tense and fidgety since we got here, it seems like. If you’re too nervous-” A flash of that Gardevoir girl shot through my mind, and the idea of being pulled out of the audition was enough to make me jump up, nervously chirping my species name before responding properly with mental words instead of vocal ones.

“N-no, no that’s alright, I just… I’m just gonna head to the bathroom, that ought to help a bit.” I almost said ‘a lot,’ but I corrected my thoughts. I hopped off of the stool and made a great physical effort to not let my paws fly to my crotch as I headed toward the door. As I opened it, I realized that somebody was standing behind it. The door swung back to reveal that attendant girl again, who had her hand up as though she were about to knock again.

“Oh, hey! Uh, I just wanted to let you both know that the auditioning pair ahead of you just dropped out, meaning that Sasha here has been bumped up. She’ll be going on in five minutes. Sorry for the interruption, and good luck!” And just like that, I was completely frozen. I felt a scream trying to form in my throat, but it died with my failed attempts to breathe. The woman pushed the door closed as Will thanked her from behind me.

“Hey, alright! Five minutes instead of twenty, I guess we’d better get started on your makeup, huh Sasha? Er… Sasha?” Will’s voice snapped me out of my stupor, but instead of focusing on the makeup, I thought about what I was going to do. The only bathroom I saw in this building was in the lobby, which was about two minutes of walking away from this dressing room. Maybe one minute if I sprinted, but my legs were still worn from all the dancing practice and I needed to keep what strength they had left for the audition, plus who knows how much I’d spill if I ran too hard. So, two minutes for walking, one to pee, and two to get back left no time at all. I almost entertained the thought of simply trying to hold it through the audition, but after almost stumbling during that last part of practice, I knew it wasn’t going to be possible to keep my liquids locked in while also giving even a half-decent performance.

“Uh… you know how I said I was gonna go to the bathroom?” I looked up at Will, trying to give a sincere and apologetic smile that probably looked more like the grin of somebody who knew they were completely doomed.

“…Yeeeaaahh…?” His response was long and drawn out, telling me that he probably already knew what I was going to say.

“Well, I don’t think I can hold it through the audition…” I felt like someone who had just dropped an expensive vase.

“You’d better hurry then, the bathroom is in the lobby. Gotta get back here in time.” Will crossed his arms again, wanting to make sure that I didn’t get the idea of peeing on the carpeted floor. As if I would… willingly… let that happen.

“I won’t make it! Help me find something or I’m gonna explode!” I gave a desperate whine as I tried to play up my urgency a little bit. It didn’t take much, as it couldn’t have been more than ten more minutes before I really did hit my limit.

“Agh, how long have you been holding it in for!?” He looked more than a little annoyed, and he raised his voice a little bit. Oh well, this wasn’t the first time that he was mad at me about something.

“Um… since we got here? Heh…” I gave an awkward “I dun goofed” smile as I tried to both get back on his good side and get the lid back on the snaking droplet of dampness that I felt running down the inside of my thigh.

“Great. And you’ve been drinking tea all day, so that probably doesn’t help. Why didn’t you go sooner, huh? No, nevermind, I don’t really want to know.” He closed his eyes for just a second in clear disapproval before opening them again and looking around the room. He only had to look for a few seconds before pointing at something behind me.

“How about that?” I followed his finger and turned to face something that would be just big enough to act as a make-shift toilet. The trash bin in the corner of the dressing room, the same one that I had been tossing my empty tea bottles into. My eyes practically lit up. It was perfect in size and capacity, I could just squat and let rip without any problems. Well, no IMMEDIATE problems anyhow.

“Are you sure I can use it?” I asked Will as I hopped from foot to foot with my paws pressed securely to my groin.

“Yeah, just be quick about it, that lady will be back any minute. And if she comes back before you’re done, I’m going to completely deny that I had any idea you intended to pee in their trash.” I shrugged slightly and quickly approached the bin.

“I don’t think they’ll care, you ARE my Master after all.”

I stepped up to the bin, carefully pulled my paws up to the hem of my “skirt” of fur and pulled it up to the best of my ability. I turned my face away and did a sort of sitting squat over the rim of the plastic container. Once I was certain that my fur wouldn’t be bunched up against the wall or slide down into the trash and into the path of my stream, I relaxed… Well, I tried to at least. I waited a few seconds, but nothing was coming out right away. I tried to push, but all that I got for my trouble was a dribble that only made my rump feel a little bit warmer than it should have. Frustrated at myself that I couldn’t let go at the most critical time, I threw my head back with an annoyed sigh, only to realize exactly why I was stopped up. Will was looking directly at me.

“Uh… Will, could you maybe… turn around or look away for a bit?”

“Huh? Yeah, sorry…” He had a bit of a blush show up on his face, but I doubted that it was anything compared to the burning that I felt on mine. Almost as soon as he turned away, I felt a long dribble come out on its own. It pattered down to the bottom of the bin, quite noisily with all the empty bottles echoing every little impact. That sound quickly grew louder as my muscles relaxed further, and the dribble grew into a torrent. As all the tension in my abdomen eased into blissful relief, I briefly wondered if I would have actually made it if I had the chance to stop to the plan I had made earlier. I shuddered both at the thought and from of a wave of pleasant tingling that came with relieving myself of a full bladder.

The droning sound of the trash bin being filled with my recycled tea filled the room for almost a minute before it started to fade out. I gave a mighty sigh of relief as I turned my eyes upward again, blushing at Will who was still turned around. As the last patters of urine dripped down into the bin, I stood up. There wasn’t really anything to wipe with, so I was kinda forced to air-dry for a bit. Not very comfortable, but nothing was going to be dripping out of my fur at this point. I look away a bit, but noticed that I was able to make eye contact with his reflection in the mirror. I met his gaze for just a second until he turned his head away from mine. I suppose he noticed that I’d noticed.

“… Sorry, I really had to go.” I meekly give my apologies, but he waves it off.

“It’s alright, Sasha. When you gotta go, you gotta go. I’ll just sneak the trash bin to the bathroom and drain it while you’re auditioning. Anyway, only have a couple minutes to groom you and pretty you up.” I smiled and hopped up onto the stool, hoping that my fur was enough to keep it dry.

Will really didn’t have a lot of time to work with, but he managed to get some ribbons into my ear flames and brush most of me down, enough to at least pass as someone who had tried to look presentable. Just in time too, as there was another knock on the door as he finished brushing my skirt, followed by the door being opened by none other than the attendant girl.

“Hey you two! Sasha, you’re up, I’ll lead the way. Hey, what’s that sm-” I immediately hopped off the stool and started yelping the name of my species, basically just to say “Hey, you’re here! Alright, let’s get the show on the road already!” Of course, it all came out sounding like “Braixen” as I ushered her out of the room and to show the way. She gave a nervous chuckle as I shoved past her. Will simply sighed behind me and the door closed behind us.


