Disguised Desperation (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-09-05 15:07

A/N: A commission for Imouto Kitten, featuring Yellow and Red from the Pokemon manga, set during a time where Yellow is still disguised as a boy. Very mild sexual content toward the end, but very, very mild, childish curiosity level.

Yellow isn’t sure what she should do. So far, her disguise has been fairly easy to maintain, but since she began traveling with Red, there have been more chances for her to slip up and reveal that she isn’t actually a boy. Still, she has managed up until now, but now, one very important issue has been brought to mind, and she doesn’t know how to bring it up.

For a while now, she’s felt the nagging need to pee, and though she’s tried to ignore it, it’s getting to the point where she can’t anymore. With them being out in the middle of nowhere, there’s no chance for her to briefly disappear and find a public bathroom, and peeing outside in the wilderness is very different for boys than it is for girls. Not to mention the fact that, even if he doesn’t know that she’s a girl, it’s a little embarrassing to tell the boy she’s starting to develop a crush on that she needs to take a break to pee.

Without any options in mind, she just keeps trying to ignore it, though the pressure steadily grows, until each step jostles her full bladder, and she winces each time she is hit with a sharp pang. Though she knows it’s unlikely, she’s still holding out a shred of hope that she might find an opportunity to be able to excuse herself long enough to relieve herself without him knowing that’s what she’s doing, and without him having a chance to catch her and expose her as a girl.

In reality, she knows she should probably be figuring out a way to get up the nerve to tell him that she has to pee, and find an excuse for why she has to be very alone to do so, but it’s so embarrassing to even imagine bringing it up that she doesn’t. Though she’s dooming herself by not at least trying, her shame stops her every time, no matter how her desperation grows.

Her walk becomes rather stiff as she tries to avoid upsetting her bladder too much. Whenever she can manage, she subtly squeezes her thighs together, trying to alleviate the growing pressure as much as she can. Her heart is racing as she struggles against her needs, growing shaky the worse it becomes.

Finally, she has to come to terms with the fact that she’s going to wet herself if she doesn’t swallow her pride soon. Yellow decides that she will have to make whatever excuses that she has to, so long as she doesn’t end up humiliating herself by soaking herself in front of Red. That’s far worse than just admitting that she has to pee, and maybe confusing him with how secretive she is about the whole thing.

With this resolve in mind, she opens her mouth to say something, only for Red to hold up a hand. “Did you hear that?” he asks.

“H-hear what?” she stammers, a pang in her abdomen throwing off her speech.

“It sounds like we’re not alone. We need to be-” Before he can finish his sentence, the noises in the bushes are explained, as a hoard of Spearow suddenly come at them.

Which means that they have no choice but to go into battle, and defend themselves from the unexpected attack. Yellow can’t worry about her desperate situation, no matter how bad it has become, and no matter how hard it may be to focus on anything else right now. She has to put it out of her mind, even though she’s already on the verge of wetting herself, and she really wishes that she had swallowed her pride a little bit sooner.

Though their opponents are numerous, they aren’t difficult to fight, it just becomes a tedious fight, with so many opponents to take out. If it were just one, it would have been over in no time, but because it isn’t, it’s drug out for so long that Yellow isn’t able to focus on the battle at all. Red is able to handle himself, as she hangs back, hesitating, her thighs pressed tightly together, biting her lip as she feels a leak escaping her.

She whimpers, trying to regain control, but there’s nothing she can do to stop it. And as she loses her own battle, Red finishes up theirs, calling his Pokemon back, and turning to her. “That wasn’t too bad, huh, Yel- hey, what’s wrong?”

“D-don’t look at me!” she begs, jamming her hands between her legs in a last ditch effort to stop it from happening, but it’s no use. Red doesn’t look away, and she can’t stop the spurt of urine that jets out of her, until it turns into a steady stream, soaking her clothes. He watches as she completely wets herself in front of him, unable to explain the odd feelings he has seeing the other “boy” do such a thing.

As Yellow’s stream trickles to a stop, she collapses to her knees, sobbing in humiliation. After all that, she ended up embarrassing herself so much more than if she had just gone! Now, no matter what, Red will always see her as a kid who can’t-

“Hey, you don’t need to be sad,” he says, coming closer to her. “That was a pretty high pressure situation, wasn’t it? Accidents happen, and there was nothing we could do to get out of that so...it’s no big deal.”

“B-but I…” She sniffs, looking up at him, but he only gives her a reassuring smile, offering a hand to help her up. Yellow hesitates before taking it.

“I won’t tell anyone, alright? I promise,” he says with a smile, and already, she starts to feel better just from how nice he is being to her. But then, once he has her standing, he reaches for the waistband of her pants and says, “Here, let me help you get cleaned up and changed!”

Panicking, Yellow tries to pull back, saying, “N-no, it’s fine, I’ll change later! I’m fine!”

“What? No way, you’re going to get a rash or something, just change right now. There’s no one around so just…” There is a brief struggle, and Yellow fights with all she has, but Red manages to overpower her, yanking her pants and underwear down in one swoop, revealing her glistening girlhood to the open air.

Several awkward moments pass as Red gawks at her, trying to process this revelation, and Yellow is so embarrassed that she doesn’t know what to do. She is frozen in place, while he starts to understand the situation, and make sense of the developing feelings that he had tried to deny simply because he thought she was a boy.

“Well, I...guess I understand now,” he says, finally breaking the silence. “I-I’m sorry for...doing that? Listen, I can make it up to you!”

Covering her face with her hands, Yellow moans, but still can’t think of anything to say. But then she hears what sounds like a zipper, and looks back to Red, seeing that he’s undone his fly. “Wh...what are you doing?”

“I thought maybe it would be fair...I could let you see mine, since I saw yours,” he offers, blushing as he speaks. Overcome with curiosity, and letting that win out over her embarrassment, Yellow nods, and he frees his member.

She can’t help her curiosity as she kneels to get a better look, muttering, “So, this is what a boy’s thing looks like.” Mesmerized, she reaches to give it a gentle poke, and Red jolts, starting to get hard. The sudden change surprises Yellow, but her curiosity doesn’t end there. “How do boys really pee?” she asks. “It would be fair if you showed me.”

“I...yeah, I guess it would,” he agrees. Though it’s difficult with his partial erection, he manages to relax that enough, and can even overcome the stage fright he gets from trying to pee in front of the girls he’s developed a crush on, but he manages to pee for her and satisfy her curiosity.

“Everything that happened will be our secret,” he says. “Just between us. I’ll help you with your disguise, so it’ll be easier to hide that you’re a girl!”

Reassured, Yellow is happy to continue her journey with Red.

