Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics) - Page 3

Author: Zapp Renfro

*050*2018-01-24 17:51

One day, Jade has a rather fun day at the mall. She is walking home afterwards when she realizes a mistake she made. While she was there, she ate, and when she ate, she decided to get the large soda, and she downed it all, before resuming her shopping. Before she knew it, the day had passed by so quickly that she had to leave to get home, and she doesn’t stop to think about anything else. That is to say, she doesn’t think about the fact that she needs to go to the bathroom before she leaves, or that she is already starting to get full.

It isn’t until she’s too far from the mall for it to be worth it to turn back that she realizes that her bladder has filled quite a bit, and that she really should have stopped at the bathroom before leaving. But since it’s too late now, she decides that it’s better to try to wait until she gets home, and that is what she is going to do.

At least, that’s what she thinks she is going to do, but it isn’t long before things already start to get worse for her. She can feel her bladder throbbing and protesting with every step, and it’s nearly too much for her to handle just this early on. She really had too much to drink and she wishes that she’d thought about that sooner, that she’d at least realized that she needed to go to the bathroom before one was out of reach.

Getting home before it gets too bad might not be possible, but she tries to keep that far from her mind as she presses on, forcing herself to keep trying to hold it even as it continues to get worse for her. However, it won’t allow her to focus on anything else, her need always returning to the forefront of her mind until she knows that there’s no way she’s going to be able to make it all the way until she gets home, as much as she hates to admit that.

But what other option is there? She thinks about it for a little while before deciding that the park, while a little out of her way on her normal route, is close enough to being between the mall and her home to be worth stopping at. There’s a public bathroom there, after all, and she will be able to freely relieve herself and the rest of the walk home will be just fine.

With a goal in mind, she reassures herself, determined to not lose control before she can at least reach the park. No matter how difficult it may be to walk in her current position, she still presses on, trying to keep her bladder in check while not letting it get the better of her and slow her down. The park isn’t too far off now, she just has to make it there and everything will be just fine.

When the park is in sight, she immediately feels better, though she knows it’s too soon to let herself feel relieved. She starts off down the path that she knows leads to the bathrooms, which are near the playground, and she’s so close now that she knows she is going to make it.

Of course, once she’s near the playground, there are children running around, which wouldn’t be a problem, but these children are playing with water guns, spraying and squirting each other, and that does nothing to help her situation. She tries her best to ignore that, and keep moving. The sprinklers that some kids are playing in are even worse on her, and she feels like she is enduring some final torture before she is able to reach her destination.

But, finally, the bathrooms are within her reach and she is home free...except there is a sign on the door saying that they are out of order. Dread washes over her, and she still tries the door, as if she doesn’t quite believe it, but it won’t open for her. There is absolutely no way that she will be able to use the bathroom in the park, and she’s already gone enough out of her way that making it home before she reaches her limit is completely out of the question.

Which means that she has no option other than to go outside, or else she will wet herself. She hurries to some bushes behind the building, hoping that this is secluded enough, but some of the children playing noticed the way she was struggling, and followed her when she ran back there.

As soon as she drops her pants and panties, and has begun emptying her bladder with a huge sigh of relief, she hears the giggles of the children and her face goes red. She’s been caught in the act, but it’s too late to stop, and all she can do is endure the humiliation until she’s completely empty.

She quickly pulls her pants back up and flees, her relief wonderful though she is more embarrassed than she’s ever been.

*052*2018-01-29 18:03

A/N: Dragon Tales

Being up in the sky and being able to fly is always amazing, and today is no different for Max as Ord carries him through the sky. The two of them have been having a lot of fun together, and right now, he’s having just as much fun as always.

Well, maybe a little less.

He had a lot to drink earlier that day, and didn’t think of the consequences at the time, or that he should use a bathroom before they set off to do more. For a while now, he’s felt the urge to pee building, but now it’s getting to a point where it’s very uncomfortable, and he wants to land as soon as possible so that he can do something about it.

At first, he doesn’t want to say anything about it, too embarrassed to admit to a problem like that, but it’s hard to keep it a secret, the more the urge grows for him. Eventually, he knows that he should probably say something, or else he might end up in a much more embarrassing situation. Finally, he speaks up, though it is still embarrassing for him as he says, “Can we land soon? I really need to go to the bathroom.”

“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Ord replies. “Even I land, there’s not going to be anywhere for you to go for a while, you know?”

“Really?” asks Max with a groan, feeling himself growing more nervous. “Are you sure about that?”

“Yes, I’m sorry. You can hold it for a little while longer, right?” he asks. Though Max isn’t sure how long he can hold it, he doesn’t want to say that out loud, and it would be much too embarrassing to say something like that anyway. He decides to keep his desperation to himself and just try to wait until they do make it somewhere that he can go.

“Yeah, I can,” he finally says, hoping his voice doesn’t sound too strained. He has to do his best, at least, no matter how full his bladder may be. He will do his absolute best to hold it for as long as he can, even if it’s already getting so difficult for him that he’s having a hard time staying still.

He really should have gone earlier, or had less to drink earlier, but there’s no use thinking about that now. There’s not much he can do to make holding it easier on him either, which is unfortunate, considering just how bad it is for him now. He can hardly hold it, and he tries to cross his legs, but that’s hard to do while riding on a flying dragon, and the best he can hope to do is squeeze his thighs together and grit his teeth.

He tries not to think about it, hoping that might make it easier, but it’s so bad now that he can’t help but think about it, and that only causes him to panic, which, of course, only makes it that much worse.

He isn’t going to be able to hold it long enough. He doesn’t even know how much much longer he has to wait, but he already knows that it’s going to be too long. No matter how embarrassing it is to admit to that, and to beg to be let down, he knows that wetting himself is going to be much, much worse.

“Hey…” he says, his voice sounding even more strained than he expected it to. Really, he’s let this go on too long, and he’s nearly at his limit. “Please...can you let me down? Anywhere is good, it’s just, I’m...I’m not gonna make it if you don’t!”

Hearing the panic in his voice, Ord is quick to comply, and Max gets off of him just in time to run to a patch of grass and unzips, just in the nick of time. He’s sure that he would have wet himself if he’d waited any longer, because as soon as he’s free from his clothes he lets loose, sighing in relief as he does so.

However, what he doesn’t notice is that Cassie and Emmie were nearby, and both hurried over when they saw the two boys landing. And as soon as he realizes that they’ve both caught him like this, he is overcome by humiliation, but it’s far too late for him to stop now that he’s already begun.

The two just watch him peeing in the patch of grass, and he is so embarrassed to have his sister catch him like this. Still, he has to wait until he is done, and when he is, he quickly zips back up and turns away. He can’t believe that he really ended up in a situation like this, and wishes that everything could have gone differently.

“I’m sorry you had to see that,” he apologizes, his face going even redder. “Please...just don’t mention it again…” Now he knows to be more careful in the future, but that does little to ease the humiliation he already feels.

*053*2018-01-30 15:21

One day, while Linda and Lawrence are running errands, they find themselves stuck in traffic. It’s been a long day, and everywhere they’ve gone has been busy, making it take even longer. Everyone else must have had the same idea to go out and try to get things done today, which results in a massive traffic jam that they get caught in after their long day out.

Though neither of them are usually particularly impatient about such things, today is different for Linda, because today, she has more of a reason to want to get home. She didn’t think about the fact that traffic was going to be this bad because everywhere was busy, and because everywhere was busy, she didn’t want to try visiting a bathroom anywhere. Though she first felt the urge to pee during their errands, she knew that the lines would be long and that the bathrooms would probably be a mess with that many people using them, and that it would be better to just wait until she got home.

Now that they’re both stuck in traffic, she isn’t so sure about that, as things have only gotten worse, both for the traffic situation and for her bladder. She wishes that the cars would move a little faster, or even move at all, as the current situation has left them at quite the standstill right now. It’s very difficult to think about anything but the way her bladder throbs, and she takes off her seatbelt for a moment, to see if that might help. It was digging into her a little bit, and does release the pressure some, but not enough to really make her feel much better.

Groaning, she knows that this is going to be a long wait, and she only hopes that she can manage that long wait. She can hardly sit still, though she does what she can to try to keep her need to herself and not alert her husband to how badly things have gotten for her. It hurts to try to hold it now, and it’s so embarrassing that she let it get to this point. She feels like she’s a little too old to be squirming in the car, worried about not being able to hold it and having an accident.

She bites the inside of her cheek, internally begging the cars to move already. They’ve been stuck for so long with no sign of anything getting better, and it’s getting ridiculous, she thinks.

The more frantic she becomes, the harder it becomes for her to hide her urge, and eventually, her husband turns to her, noticing her fidgeting, and asks, “Are you alright?”

She thinks about denying it, but things are so bad now that she doesn’t think she’s going to make it. They’ve barely moved at all, and she’s absolutely bursting. She admits, “No, I’m not. I have to pee really badly, and we haven’t moved in a while.”

“I’m sure you can hold it,” he says, trying to be encouraging, and, though she appreciates it, it really isn’t helping right now. In fact, the only thing that could help would be some way to relieve herself.

And that is why she replies, “I’m kind of past that point now,” before she begins looking around for something. It doesn’t take her long to find a cup, and, though Lawrence gives her a look of disbelief, it isn’t enough to stop her from going through with it.

“Are you sure?” he asks, as she starts to pull her pants down.

Her look says it all, and he puts the cup between her legs, helping her move her panties out of the way. She lets out a loud sigh of relief, not caring how shameless she is being, or what her husband may think right now. After holding it back that long, it’s better to just be able to let go.

By the time she’s finally empty, traffic has started to move again, but she knows that she wouldn’t have been able to hold it, and is just glad to be empty. It’s still pretty embarrassing, though, so she makes Lawrence promise to never bring this up again.

*055*2018-02-03 18:02

It is an incredibly exciting day for Sheen, perhaps the most exciting day of his life. Today is the day that he gets to go to Retroville, something that isn’t always this exciting, but today is the day tha Ultralord will be there, doing meet and greets with his fans.

(Of course, it’s just an actor playing a part, but to Sheen, this is as real as it gets and he won’t hear anything of it.)

From the moment he wakes up, he’s so excited that he can’t stand it, and he heads over as quickly as he can with his family. He is not daunted by the long line in the least, knowing that he isn’t the only one who would want to do this, and knowing that any true fan would be able to wait through anything.

His parents leave him to wait it out, wanting to do something else, and he can hardly contain his excitement while he waits his turn. The line moves slowly, but he is still not daunted, determined to wait no matter what, until he finally makes it to the front of the line. At the time, he doesn’t know that waiting through anything is going to turn out to be such a challenge.

When he first realizes that he has to pee, he remembers that he didn’t actually go to the bathroom before he left the house, so excited was he to be able to go that he rushed to get ready and get out of the house. Now that he’s in line, he can’t get out to go to the bathroom; people have already gotten in line behind him, and there’s no telling how much the line would grow in his time away. He won’t give up his spot for anyone, not when he’s already been waiting for this long.

So he decides that he’ll just have to hold it and wait until he has his turn. He’s already resolved himself to waiting in line no matter what, facing any challenge that may come his way, and as a true fan he knows that this should be just a minor challenge along the way. At least, that’s what he tells himself at first, but even when he tries to ignore the urge, it grows, making itself impossible to completely ignore right now.

Still, that doesn’t change his mind. The longer he waits, the more the line grows, which means that he’s even less willing to give up his spot in line. He struggles and struggles, trying to do what he can to hide his visible signs, but it’s very hard to hold back and to stand completely still, and he knows that he won’t be able to do that for long. At first, whenever he squirms in place, he just looks like he is excited, which he still is, and that is alright. It’s only as time passes and it gets worse that it becomes more obvious that he is plagued by more than just excitement.

As the time ticks by and his need grows worse, he begins to shift his weight from foot to foot, always moving in some way, completely past the point of being able to stand still. He whimpers and bites his lip and crosses his legs, uncrosses them, and crosses them again. His bladder is so full now that he’s getting frantic, but he’s getting closer to the front of the line, and he knows that the wait will be worth it once he gets there. He just has to hold it for a little bit longer.

By the time he makes it to the front of the line, he has gotten to the point where he is dancing in place, his bladder so full that he is really afraid that he isn’t going to make it. But then, it’s finally his turn and he forgets all of his worries for a moment, because it’s finally time for him to get to meet Ultralord.

“I’m your biggest fan!” is how he introduces himself, launching into a rambly spiel, trying to remember all the things he wanted to tell his hero, but then, as he is talking, he remembers his desperation, and trails off, grabbing himself and whimpering.

It’s too late to stop it now, and he cries out in distress as he begins to wet himself. It is, without a doubt, the most embarrassing that has ever happened to him, and he can’t stop himself no matter how he tries, until he is completely empty and completely soaked in front of Ultralord. Blushing furiously, he says, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t...I tried to…” but nothing he tries to say sounds right.

“It was a very long line,” the man replies, “and you waited for a very long time. It’s okay.” He goes on to say a lot more generic things that adults say to comfort children after accidents, but for Sheen, it is exactly what he needs to hear, and he doesn’t question how awkwardly his hero speaks to him.

“Do you...need help finding your parents?” he finally asks, and Sheen agrees, and can’t believe how lucky he is to have Ultralord walking with him.

*056*2018-02-03 19:41

The thing about big cases is that the always end with a lot of publicity, and that means, once Judy and Nick crack one, then there is a lot of media attention that they have to deal with. Nick isn’t as big on that, but Judy drags him along regardless, always proud to show how much effort they put into things, and always wanted to answer whatever questions that the public has.

One day, they have a big press conference to deal with together, and they have such a limited time window to get ready that it is a very rushed process. Neither one of them remember something very important during that time, and even if they had remembered, it is likely that they wouldn’t have time to begin with, and that is why the two of them begin the press conference without having gone to the bathroom.

Judy realizes this mistake too late, and she feels the urge to pee, knowing that she can’t just excuse herself in the middle of something like this. It’s going to be live, and so many people are going to be watching, and she will just have to endure the urge until the press conference concludes. She hopes that it doesn’t go on too long, but she knows how long it usually takes, and she knows that it will likely be a difficult wait. All she can do is hold it, though.

What she doesn’t know is that, around the time that she feels it, Nick does as well, realizing his mistake just as she does. He mentally curses himself for not thinking of this sooner, but it’s too late now to beat himself up over it. At least, no good will come from that, and he just steels himself, knowing that he has to try to hold it until the press conference is over. Judy would never forgive him if he just disappeared in the middle of it, after all.

That being said, it’s very frustrating to have to deal with questions left and right when he’s also focusing on trying to hold it. He doesn’t like this sort of thing normally; in a situation like this, it’s even more irritating than usual. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to focus on both holding it and keeping up a good public appearance at the same time; it’s going to be difficult, that’s for sure.

It is difficult for the both of them, to ignore their throbbing bladders and keep on their good publicity faces as the interviews drag on and on and the questions never seem to stop. Neither one of them can do or say anything to slow it down, either, as every response they have seems to trigger another wave of questions, which all lead to more, and more popping up. It’s hard to even get to everyone, but they’re supposed to get to as many as they can, and because of that, it shows no sign of stopping any time soon.

Judy squirms and shifts around, hoping that her actions don’t make it all too obvious. She can’t hold still at this point, and therefore has to hope that whatever she does to make it easier to hold isn’t too noticeable. Next to her, Nick struggles with the same issue, fidgeting more and more noticeably as well. He gives a few glances around, as if looking for something to go in, or at least a way out, but there’s nothing, and it’s not getting any better for him.

It’s getting so obvious that they are both absolutely bursting, and still the interviews continue. Each second that passes is akin to torture, and neither of them think they can hold out for much longer, but neither of them has a way to escape this. Time passes and the urge gets worse, and both of them are so obvious as the press conference nears its end that anyone can tell what’s wrong with them.

Just when they think they’ve almost made it out, Judy is the first to lose control, letting out an audible gasp as she begins to wet herself, and everyone goes silent. The hissing sound of liquid gushing out of her is the only thing that can be heard, and that is all it takes to push Nick over the edge as well. When he begins to wet himself as well, everyone in the room watches the two of them in disbelief.

As for the two of them, they are overwhelmed with humiliation, having all of this caught on camera, on top of being in front of such a large crowd. They’ll likely never be able to completely bounce back from this, and once both are empty, they hesitate for only a second before running away.

*058*2018-02-08 17:53

Adam is still put out by his transfer to a school for animals, and has been having a lot of trouble adjusting to the new environment. Still, he is doing the best he can to go along with things and try to fit in with his new, strange classmates. For the most part, he just tries to keep to himself, not sure how to interact with anyone, and otherwise, everything is going better for him than he expected.

That is, until the time comes that he realizes that he kind of has to pee. He hasn’t learned his whole way around the school yet, so he isn’t sure where it is that he’s actually supposed to go. He doesn’t know where the bathroom is, and even before he starts looking for it, he already has a feeling that there is going to be something weird about it, because he doubts that anything can be simple about this place.

But he heads off to look for one, and he looks for one and he looks for one, and still he doesn’t find one, as the urge becomes worse for him. He begins to dread for his situation as his search continues to be fruitless, as it’s getting really bad. If he has to wait through another class, it’s going to be a pain, though he at least knows that the day will be over in that case, and he will have more time to look for the bathroom.

Still, it’s getting so hard to find it that he decides to ask someone, only to be met with confusion. “Everyone just goes naturally,” they reply. “You know, the way they’re supposed to?”

“But...I’m a human!” he protests. “So, shouldn’t there be a toilet for me?”

“Everyone else goes outside,” is the only response he gets. “There aren’t any toilets here.”

There’s no way that he can go outside, without any privacy! He may be in a school for animals, but that doesn’t mean he’s going to behave like one, and so he decides that he will just have to wait until school is over. Before, he didn’t know if he could, but now he knows that he has to, because there’s no way he’s going to do what the others are supposed to do.

If he can just wait until he gets home, then he will be fine, and he’ll know to be more careful at school from here on out.

He heads to class, but he’s already so desperate that it’s hard for him to conceal his need. In fact, it’s pretty much impossible, and he can’t sit still, making it obvious to any of his classmates just how desperate that he is. He squeezes his thighs together, biting the inside of his cheek, and he hears someone whispering about him, saying, “Why didn’t he just go outside on the break?”

“I bet it’s cos he doesn’t know how,” someone else replies, and they giggle.

It isn’t long before word spreads through most of the classroom, and Adam finds himself the center of attention as his desperation is put on display for everyone. Even those who don’t understand why he didn’t relieve himself on the break quickly begin making fun of him as he tries to hold it until the end of class, struggling more and more against his throbbing bladder. There are times when he gets so close to losing it that he really doesn’t think he’s going to make it until he gets home, or even until the end of class, but he holds out for as long as he can.

He manages to make it until the bell rings, and he hurries out of class, feeling as if he could burst. There’s no way that he’s going to be able to make it home without wetting himself, and so, as he is hurrying, he caves, and decides to use the nearest tree. He swallows his pride as he approaches it, and he unzips, letting loose, just as Jake comes over to join him.

“There’s nowhere else for me to go,” he explains almost apologetically, and Adam is too lost in his own relief to say anything, or comment on how weird this is for him. He’s just happy to be able to empty his bladder after holding it all day.

But Jake is not the only unexpected visitor he has; he doesn’t see Kerry walking down the sidewalk in front of the tree until he hears her gasp and say, “Ew, Adam! What are you doing?”

Blushing furiously, he stammers, “I-it’s not what it looks like, I didn’t have a choice, my school doesn’t have toilets, so-”

“That’s so gross!” she exclaims, and she flees before giving him a proper chance to explain. He’s finally finished and can zip back up, but he’s humiliated himself in front of the girl he likes, and he doesn’t know if she’ll ever talk to him again.

*060*2018-02-16 00:26

Some days are exciting for Nick and Judy, as they have to work out in the city, but other days are very, very boring. There are days when they get to chase leads and get caught up in the excitement of their jobs, and there are days like today, when they are both held up in their office. Those days aren’t fun for either of them, but since they are a necessary part of the job, there isn’t really much that they can do about it.

It’s about midway through this boring day when Judy first feels the urge to pee, but she decides to ignore it for the time being, until she reaches a stopping point with her work. She knows that she can hold it for a while longer than this, so she doesn’t want to distract herself with her need just yet. Of course, around that time, Nick feels a similar urge and decides the same thing, and the two of them keep working, ignoring the slight pressures in their bladders.

However, as time passes, they both push it out of their minds completely, and that means, by the time Judy remembers that she needs to go, the urge has gotten much worse for her. By now, she knows that she shouldn’t try to keep holding it, and, since she’s reached a stopping point, she decides to just get up and take care of it.

When she rises from her desk and leaves the room, Nick soon follows suit, deciding that now is as good of a time as any. The two of them head down the long hallway of bathrooms, with various setups for different kinds of animals, both looking for the specific bathroom for their own species.

Several different ones are out of order, and both secretly hope that that won’t be the case for them. However, as soon as Judy reaches the area for her, and Nick reaches his area, both are dismayed to find that their respective bathrooms are out of order as well. Neither of them want to give up, since they both really need to go, and they try to find somewhere similar enough that it will still work for them.

Needless to say, their search is entirely fruitless, and it isn’t long before both have to return to work, deciding that they can at least wait until the end of the day. Both of their shifts are almost over, so it won’t be too much of a wait. So they do what they can to suffer in silence until the end of the day, both very aware of the other’s predicament now, but not saying anything about it.

Once their shift is over, they hurry back to discover that their respective bathrooms are still out of order, which means that their wait is not yet over. Judy suggests that they stop at the park, because they both know that that is the nearest place with public bathrooms, and their best bet at making it before it’s too late. They hurry out together, both knowing that they don’t have much time left, and once they make it to the park, they hurry for the bathrooms, tested all the while by the water gun fights and sprinklers that they pass along the way.

By the time they make it to the bathroom, they’re both nearly at their breaking point, only to discover a very long line. Nick knows that he isn’t going to be able to make it, waiting in a line like that, and he runs off, Judy following behind him. Once they are a little off by themselves, in a grove of bushes, he takes a bottle from her bag, dumps it on the ground, and surprises her by unzipping and using the bottle, letting loose with a sigh of relief.

“What are you doing?” she hisses in disbelief.

“Just stand guard,” he replies, and she knows how desperate he must have been so she does, hopping from foot to foot and knowing that she will be forced to follow the same course of action, as she knows that she won’t be able to hold it much longer either.

In fact, as soon as he is done, she takes it for herself while begging him to guard her. Of course, she makes the mistake of not emptying the bottle first, so when she lets loose, it isn’t long before it’s overflowing, and she drops it, deciding to just go on a tree since it’s too late to stop herself. However, Nick isn’t able to stop a small group of kids from passing by and catching her in the act, making fun of her and drawing the attention of other kids and of adults.

Judy is soon the subject of ridicule as she hurries to get her clothes straightened up, and she makes a run for it, with Nick following after her. Though they’re both relieved to not have to hold it anymore, Nick feels bad for Judy, and Judy has just experienced one of the most humiliating things in her life. She doesn’t think that it can get much worse, and she wants to forget all about it.

And then she’s on the news the next day.

*062*2018-03-07 23:48

There are a lot of difficulties that come with raising a giant dog, and one of those is the matter of him relieving himself. After all, since he’s so big, he can hold a lot, and there’s always a lot to come out. This means that he has to go often, at least twice a day, and that it has to be outside, somewhere that he doesn’t risk flooding. Usually the beach is the best option for that, and usually, there isn’t much problem where that is concerned.

Emily always makes sure to take good care of him so that the worst doesn’t happen, and it’s never an issue. Usually, everything is fine, and having a giant dog isn’t as difficult as it can be, but she is still young and there are times when she makes mistake. One such mistake comes in the form of her getting sick one day, and forgetting about Clifford while she’s bedridden for the day.

She is out of it due to a fever, and doesn’t think about the fact that she’s missed their morning walk, and doesn’t think about the situation that she’s put Clifford in by not remembering to tell anyone else that he needs to go out for his walk.

At first, he just thinks that she’s running late. It’s not often that she’s late for one of their walks, but he doesn’t think she’d skip out entirely, so Clifford tries to be patient, even though he’s on a schedule, and really needs to be let out soon. However, he waits and he waits, and still, Emily doesn’t come, until his need has gotten even worse, and he wonders what’s taking her so long.

He paces back and forth, telling himself that he just needs to keep waiting, and that she will come eventually to take him on his walk. She wouldn’t keep him waiting without good reason, he knows, so he just has to keep holding it until she comes for him. But the more he waits, the worse it gets, and even with a bladder his size, he still has his limits, and he’s rather full now, so it’s getting harder and harder. If he does things to try to make holding easier, the grounds shakes beneath him, and he doesn’t want to cause a small earthquake, so there isn’t much he can do on that front either. All he can do is wait, but that’s starting to feel impossible.

He’s never had to wait this long before, since he always gets his walk in the morning, but he decides to wait until time for his walk in the evening. It will be difficult, but if he does his best, he hopes that he will be able to hold out for that long. It hurts, how full he is, but he doesn’t want to let Emily down, and thinks that she must have a good reason for making him wait this long like this.

He paces around, trying not to move too harshly, so as not to shake the ground again, but he wishes that he could do something more to make it easier to hold it. Sometimes he starts to tremble and has to consciously stop himself, because that is just as bad for potentially causing small earthquakes, and he really doesn’t want to cause any problems for anyone just because of how badly he has to go. He doesn’t know what time it is now, but he feels like it’s been a long time, so he hopes that means that there isn’t much time left before Emily comes to give him his walk.

Except he isn’t going to make it. It gets worse and it gets worse, and he knows that he isn’t going to make it. If she isn’t going to take him for his walk, he’s going to have to do something about it himself, and he decides that he has to leave now, hoping that he can make it to the beach in time.

But once he’s outside, it becomes apparent that even that is too much to hope for, and once he starts to leak, it’s too late.

The street is the worst place to lose control, but he can’t help it, and his bladder begins to empty, so fast that the road begins to flood, and those who were standing around don’t know what hit them as they begin to float away. Emily’s parents see the action from outside the window and realize that nobody remembered to let Clifford out, and that the worst happened.

Clifford is humiliated to have done this, especially because it’s causing a disaster, but it also feels great to have it out of him now.

*064*2018-03-10 18:00

There are many inconvenient parts about being an officer that are simply part of the job, and stakeouts are one of them. When a stakeout is fruitful, it can lead to very good information coming up, or even to a very exciting climax, but for the most part, they are typically very boring. That is the case for Nick and Judy one night, when the two of them are partnered together to be on a stakeout, and will have to spend a late night watching for someone, with nothing else to do until they catch the perpetrator that they’re after.

So they settle in for the night, but it isn’t long before they realize that they were not fully prepared for this stakeout. Though they’ve done them before, they must have been distracted this time because something very important slipped their minds. Neither one of them thought to bring any bottles or other empty containers, which means that when they both first feel the urge to pee, around the same time, they both realize that they’re going to be in for a very long night of holding it. There’s nothing they can do about it now, and they aren’t going to be able to abandon the stakeout, no matter how bad it may get.

So they do what they can to hold it, but both of them begin to show more and more signs are their urgency grows, and more than once, one of them will search again for something to go in, but to no avail. They really are in for the long haul with this, and the wait is like torture for both of them, until finally, the person that they are looking for arrives, just as expected, and this is fortunately the sort of stake out where they were only waiting to apprehend him.

They don’t have much difficulty, despite their condition, but this means that they’re really stuck here, and once he’s cuffed, they’ve got to make sure they get him back to the station with no issue, or their work will be wasted. However, getting him back to the station means waiting for backup, as he has to be put in a high security truck, and they are rooted to their spot until that backup arrives. Judy begins tapping her foot without thinking about it, and Nick heckles the perpetrator a bit just to distract himself from the throbbing in his bladder.

The perpetrator can tell that they’re both acting strange, and tries to figure out what’s going on. It isn’t long before he can tell exactly what it is that’s bothering them, and he decides that this is his chance to have some fun with them. If he’s got to be stuck hand cuffed, he might as well do something to pass the time.

“Have either of you ever seen a waterfall in person?” he asks. “It’s really majestic, all that gushing water...it sounds kind of like this!” As soon as he starts doing his waterfall impersonation, it’s not hard to figure out that he’s trying to mess with them and their full bladders.

“Cut that out,” Judy hisses, knowing that she won’t make it long if he keeps that up.

“I’m just making conversation,” he replies, and starts a sound effect.

“I’ve got an idea,” Nick mutters to Judy, and once he has gotten her to agree to it, they both unzip, positioning themselves so that they’re aimed at him- a feat much more difficult for her than it is for Nick.

“Keep it up, and we might just lose control on you,” he threatens, and their plan works like a charm, shutting the man up.

Like that, it’s a little bit easier to hold it, but they’re still very desperate, and there’s still a risk that they could lose it at any time. Both hope that the truck gets there quickly, so that they can be free to try to find a way to relieve themselves. Judy bites the inside of her cheek, barely able to breathe as she tries to hold back.

They hear the truck pulling up, but neither have the chance to be overcome with relief, because, before they can even get back in their clothes, before they can move at all, both suddenly lose control, soaking the perpetrator. For a moment, both are so relieved that they don’t think about what’s happening, but they snap out of it just in time for them to get dressed.

The other officers show up, opening the door and looking back and forth between them and the soaking wet perpetrator, and someone finally asks, “What happened?”

“Bathroom emergency,” the two mutter in unison, both blushing furiously. Both know to be a little more careful on stakeouts in the future.

*066*2018-03-11 17:43

Because Ray Ray has to keep guard during the dance, so that Juniper can do whatever it is that she thinks is so important, it means that he can’t go anywhere else. He wants to think that that isn’t a problem, and that he’ll be able to prove himself with this, but it isn’t long before he realizes that there’s a certain problem that’s going to get in the way of his work, making sure that that sand man doesn’t cause any additional trouble for the night.

That problem comes in the form of all of the punch that he’s had to drink tonight making itself known to him. His bladder has begun to fill, and rather rapidly at that, and he doesn’t know how long he’s going to be able to make it. But no! He can’t fail, not when he’s got such important work to do. He can’t let something like that get in the way, and so, he’s just going to have to hold it.

“Do you think this is going to take too much longer?” Monroe speaks up. “I should probably be let out soon.”

“You too?” Ray Ray groans, squeezing his thighs together. “We need to hold out, though. We’ve got to hold it until we’re done here, alright?”

“Are you sure that you’re going to be able to?”

“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?! I’ll be just fine!” he protests, but his bladder gives a sharp pang, a protest of its own to remind him not to get too confident about that. He bites his lip hard, wondering how long this is going to take, and trying to calm himself down. He isn’t going to let himself lose control, he’s going to make it and prove himself, no matter what.

At least, that’s what he thinks at first, but time continues to pass, and holding it only grows more difficult. He squirms in place, trying to do whatever he can to make holding it easier on him, but it’s no less of a struggle, no matter what he does. He doesn’t know how long he’s going to be able wait, and Monroe doesn’t seem to be in much better condition, from the looks of things. Neither one of them is holding up very well, already showing signs of being too close to their limits.

“Do you think we’ll really be alright like this?” Monroe asks, worry clear in his voice.

“What are you talking about? Of course we will,” Ray Ray lies, knowing already that this seems unlikely. He isn’t going to voice his worry, however, and continues to pretend to be confident, despite his squirming, and the way he squeezes his thighs together and bounces up and down. It’s getting so bad now that he really doesn’t think he’s going to make it, and he can feel tears welling up in his eyes.

What’s he going to do? He can’t leave, but he doesn’t want to wet himself either, so what is he going to do about this? It isn’t long after he says that that he says, “Or maybe we should find some other option…” Desperately, he and Monroe look around for something that might help them out in their desperate situation, and that is when their eyes land on a bucket.

“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Monroe asks him.

“Yes, definitely!” Ray Ray says, knowing that he doesn’t have much time left, and that this is really his only option besides wetting himself. “Let’s both just use this, alright?” He hurries over to get the bucket, hoping that nobody catches them in the act.

However, it is just their luck that that is when Melissa comes down the hallway, heading for the bathroom herself, so that she can clean herself up after getting soaked with punch. She sees them in this compromising position and, disgusted, asks, “What are you doing?”

“Uh, nothing?” Ray Ray tries to lie, but then, he knows that he is at his limit and has no choice but to whip it out and let loose in the bucket, with Monroe following suit. Disgusted, Melissa exclaims and turns to leave, not interested in watching this little show.

Neither of them can bring themselves to care, they’re so relieved, and once they are finally empty, both sigh in happiness, having evaded a much worse situation. Even though Ray Ray is a little embarrassed, he still laughs and says, “Well, I guess that’s one way to get rid of her!”

*068*2018-03-13 23:56

Nate is bitter about a bad grade he received just because he was a little bit late to class, and he can’t stop thinking about how he might get revenge for that. He didn’t mean to be late, and he doesn’t think that it’s fair that his grades are suffering are a result. He comes up with a plan for revenge, one that involves Fidgephant, and once class has started, he quietly summons Fidgephant and has him zap the teacher, ready for the fun to start.

At first, it isn’t obvious, but Nate knows that his teacher has to pee. Nate can’t even bring himself to pay attention to the lesson, even if it looks like he is, because he is too interested in watching for the signs from his teacher that the desperation is starting to set in now. He begins to fidget more and more often, making his desperation more obvious, and Nate knows that this is definitely working.

How much longer will it be until he can’t take it anymore? Already, Nate can’t wait for that, and his teacher squirms more and more, becoming more distracted as he teaches, losing his train of thought more and more often. This definitely isn’t going to end well for him, and that’s just what Nate wants to see.

The longer class goes on, the more the teacher squirms, until slowly, others begin to figure out what’s going on with him. By the halfway point of the class, his desperation has spiked to a point that everyone knows what’s wrong, and still he tries to keep teaching, tries to keep it up until the end even though his bladder must feel ready to explode by now. How much of this is he going to be able to take before he either gives up and flees, or wets himself? Will he be able to make it until the end of the class?

He might be able to hold out that long, which will be a disappointment, but just the humiliation that he will face from everyone knowing that he is struggling to teach class with a full bladder will be a good enough revenge for Nate. Just watching his teacher suffer like this is so entertaining that he just sits back and enjoys the show.

Class continues to drag on for their poor, desperate teacher, and he isn’t looking too good right now. Nate finally decides to speak up and says, “Hey, do you have to pee or something?”

The classroom bursts into laughter at the nervous and embarrassed expression on their flustered teacher’s face after that, and he mumbles, “Yes, I do...badly, actually.” This honesty only earns him more laughter, and Nate is so delighted to see him humiliated like this.

The kids begin to tease him more and more, asking him about whether or not he will make it, and things like that, until he looks close to tears, but then, the bell finally rings and it looks like he might make it out of this situation after all. He hurries out of the room without another word, not bothering to tell the students if they have homework, or dismiss them at all, and, while everyone is excited that this means they won’t have assignments, they want to see how this ends.

So the class follows him, to find that the line for the bathroom is so long that it has extended into the hallway, and that their desperate teacher is being made to wait outside, still in full view of everyone as he squirms and fights it, trying not to lose control in front of everyone.

He isn’t going to be able to make it until he reaches the front of the line, and he knows it. No matter how he may fight it, he knows that he’s almost at his limit, and there’s simply no avoiding it, but he’s still got to teach for the rest of the day, and he doesn’t know how he’s going to do that with soaked pants. He’s so desperate now that he’s panicked and he can’t think straight, and he makes a decision he never would have made otherwise.

Nate, and the other students, watch in surprise as he runs to a trash can and unzips, letting loose in front of everyone.

Everyone laughs at him, and Nate laughs the hardest of all, glad that he fully got his revenge.

*070*2018-03-16 20:16

On hot days, Nani knows that it’s important to stay hydrated while she’s working, and she does exactly that, drinking more than she normally would at work. In fact, normally, she’s more careful to avoid any unfortunate situations before she’s able to take a break or go home, but she doesn’t think that through this time, the heat getting to her too much for her to resist drinking a lot.

It isn’t too long before she first starts to feel an urge to pee, and immediately regrets her decision, hoping that this won’t get too bad. She has a while yet before she will be able to go to the bathroom, but with how much she’s had to drink already, her bladder is only going to keep filling and filling, and she can feel herself growing nervous.

She tries to ignore the urge, just working like she’s supposed to. In two hours, she’ll be able to go, and that may seem like a lot to her now, but if she busies herself with work, then it should go by fairly quickly, and then she will be okay. She’s had to hold it for a while at work before, so she shouldn’t have too much trouble this time; she isn’t a little kid, after all.

At first, she is able to continue doing her job without difficulty, and able to ignore her throbbing bladder, no matter how much of an inconvenience it may be, but as time passes and as it fills more, it becomes more difficult to hide that she’s uncomfortable. Every now and then, a customer will ask her if she’s okay, and she will lie and say that she is, and try to make more of an effort to keep things to herself.

The rest of her day drags out, more so than usual due to her desperation. By the time she’s down to her last half hour, it’s so obvious that she’s in pain that pretty much every customer she has asks her if she’s okay, which is very humiliating. She always lies and says she’s just fine, or that she’s feeling a little under the weather, but she can hear the waves outside and that makes it almost impossible to hold back. She has no privacy to try to use something in the shop, and she doesn’t really have many options for that anyway. She just has to hold out until the end.

But that feels like it takes an eternity, and once the time finally comes for her to leave, she has to hurry in the hopes of making it to the bathroom on time. She can’t walk too fast or she might lose control, but she also can’t afford to go too slow, or else she will definitely lose control before she does make it. Well, she makes it, but only to find that the girl’s bathroom is incredibly busy, with everyone changing their swimsuits. The wait is going to be too long, after she’s already waited so long, and she can’t afford that.

However, the line for the men’s is non-existent, and she supposes that it’s because they can just wear their trunks as shorts and, perhaps, that they’re more willing to use the ocean. Whatever the case, she only debates for a moment before she decides to take her chances with that. She slips in when she thinks no one is looking, only to find that the stalls are all locked up, possibly out of order. That means that a urinal is her only option, and while she’s debating it, David comes in.

“Uh...Nani? What’s going on?”

She stutters, “I-I-I…” but isn’t able to get out a proper response. Either way, it’s pretty obvious from where she is and how she’s standing what’s really going on, and he says, “You must really have to go. The lines are pretty long, huh?”

She nods and he says, meaning it as a joke, “I’ll guard you if you let me watch.” Of course he doesn’t really mean it, and he’s fine with just guarding her, but she is too desperate to really care at this point, and whether he’s being serious or not, she decides to take him up on his offer.

“I don’t care! Just please help me!” He’s shocked at her response, and even more shocked at how quickly she wriggles out of her shorts to use the urinal, sighing in relief as the hot torrent that comes gushing out of her. She was just on the verge of wetting herself, making it just in the nick of time. Nani is too relieved to really be embarrassed about doing this in front of David, though, once she’s done, she wastes no time in thanking him and hurrying out of there.

Next time, she knows to be more careful, regardless of how hot it is at work.

*072*2018-03-18 21:18

A/N: The client basically wanted a rewrite of that one episode that is borderline iconic amongst this community, so I did what I could to follow the prompt exactly while trying to differ from the actual episode as much as I could

The Warner siblings go to the movies together, and Wakko gets a drink, not thinking about the consequences of how large the drink is. He sips on it throughout the movie, until he suddenly realizes his mistake, when he feels that his bladder has grown rather full. He doesn’t think he can hold it until the end of the movie, so he gets up, telling Yakko and Dot that he’ll be right back.

Even as he walks to the bathroom, he can already feel that he’s getting too close to his limit for comfort, and he tries not to worry too much, since he’s almost to the bathroom anyway. However, as soon as he gets to the bathroom, he’s overcome with dread, as he realizes that the men’s bathroom is out of order. He’s already to the point that he doesn’t think he can hold it, and, in his panic, decides to see if the women’s is empty.

But, as soon as he sticks his head in to check, he’s chased on by some very angry ladies, yelling for him to “have some decency”, and making it clear that he won’t be able to use that bathroom either. With his situation getting even more desperate, he decides to flee the theater.

There has to be somewhere else that he can go, and hopefully quickly, since he’d like to get back to the movie as soon as possible. But every business that he goes in refuses to let him access their bathroom unless he pays for something, and he doesn’t have any money on them, since Yakko was handling the money for this outing. He’s completely out of luck in every building he tries, and his need grows worse and he grows more frantic, but no one will take pity on him.

He hurries to the park, hoping that he will find some public bathrooms there, and as he runs through the park, he passes several active sprinklers, something that is akin to torture in his current state. He groans and tries to ignore this, hurrying to look for bathrooms, passing water fountains where kids are drinking, and others downing glasses of lemonade, and he really, really can’t take much more now.

He’s not going to make it, he’s so afraid that he isn’t going to make it and he just wants to go home, so he ends up rushing back to the movie theater. He passes by the men’s bathroom, which is still out of order, and the women’s has a line now, so he knows that there’s no way he can try to sneak in again. He hurries back to where his brother and sister are, and whispers, “Can we go back home now?”

“What?” Dot scowls at him. “No way, we want to finish the movie!”

“But it’s going to last too long!”

“It’s almost over,” Yakko says. “You missed most of it, so sit down and enjoy the ending.”

“But I’m definitely not gonna make it,” Wakko whines, and Dot groans.

Yakko pauses for a moment before offering him an empty cup and says, “Why don’t you just use this, then?”

“That’s so gross,” Dot protests, but Wakko has reached the end of his rope, and takes the cup with shaky hands, wasting no time in getting it into place so that he can let loose, finally emptying his throbbing bladder.

But at that moment, the credits start to roll, something that wouldn’t ordinarily be an issue but, for whatever reason, the sound cuts out, and they roll in silence. Or, near silence considering the sound of Wakko giving a large sigh of relief, and the sound of the cup filling, is loud enough to fill that silence. Everyone can hear him and, once he feels all the stares on him, he blushes as he finishes.

There’s no way to cover up what he’s done, and he’s humiliated, knowing to be a lot more careful at his next movie. Maybe he’ll avoid getting a drink all together.

