Damsels in Desperation: A Fire Emblem: Awakening Series - Page 2

Author: Zapp Renfro

*027*2015-05-23 15:10

A/N: This part of the series is my half of an art trade with Justice. He wanted a story about Severa, and here it is! He said he didn't mind who else was present in the story, so I threw in Inigo as the witness. I hope that's not a problem.

Severa struck at the training dummies with her sword vigorously, tearing apart each one she came across with great ease. She was in a bad mood, which wasn't exactly uncommon for her. It hadn't been much, just a petty squabble with her mother that had set her off and left her needing to blow off some steam.

She had been at it for a while now, but still felt like she needed more. At least there was no harm in this, she thought. No one got hurt and she became all the stronger for it. She would be able to defend her comrades, including her insufferable mother, in any situation.

“Someone's hitting it hard today,” she heard a voice say, and groaned as she turned to face the much more insufferable Inigo.

“Obviously,” she said, going back to her training without another word and hoping that he would take the hint and leave, though she knew that was very unlikely.

Unfortunately, things went much the way she had expected them to. He made no move to leave, instead just watching her as she kept at it. His presence made distracted her from her training, bringing her mind back to reality, and that was when she realized another annoyance: she really had to pee.

She had no intention of walking away from her training now, though. Inigo would just follow her and flirt with her, and would not get lost until she told him why she needed to be alone. And there was no way in hell she was doing something like that.

She had kept herself pretty well hydrated while she trained, and now it was taking its toll on her. Still, she had no intention of going anywhere until Inigo had left. She could hold it, no problem, and eventually, he would figure out that she had absolutely no interest in talking to him.

“You know, your cold exterior only makes you that much more desirable,” he said. “I'm positively dying to find out what you hide behind your tough girl act.”

“It's not an act, and if you don't hit the road, the only thing you'll be finding out is what I do to annoying creeps who can't take a hint.”

Inigo merely chuckled at her threats before giving a theatrically dreamy sigh. “See? Just like that! How I dream of the day I get to see you soften up!”

“I'll soften you up,” she muttered.

“Is that a promise?” he asked with a smirk, and she did not dignify that with a response.

He began to hum a little tune as he watched she she had to resist the urge to run him through with her sword then and there. She knew that would not be very good for morale and managed to hold herself back, but the growing pain in her bladder did nothing to ease her frustration.

She squirmed just the slightest bit to relieve some of the pressure without doing anything extreme enough for Inigo to notice. It was really getting bad, but there wasn't much she could do to fix that.

“Do you mind?” she snapped. “Some of us are trying to work here!”

“I didn't know there was a law against admiring beautiful women at work,” he replied, and she wanted to smack the smug grin off his face.

A sudden and sharp pain hit her just as he was about to strike, causing her to miss, and she let out a frustrated growl. It was really, really starting to affect her, and he still refused to go away. She shifted her weight a bit, hoping that he would still not notice her actions.

“So, anyway,” he said, prattling on about something or other that she really didn't care about could not be bothered to listen to. Not to mention, her bladder was demanding more and more of her attention, so even if she had wanted to give some to him- which she didn't- she couldn't.

Her face flushed a bit as she started to squirm a bit more obviously. She couldn't help it at this point, and still he went on and on and on, and wouldn't leave. If he didn't go soon, he might figure it out and-

“Severa? Is something the matter?” he asked.

She immediately went on the defensive. “No! Why the hell would you ask that? Mind your own damn business...”

“Well, I asked you a question and you didn't answer, I looked over and you seemed incredibly uncomfortable,” he said. “I just thought that there might be something bothering you.”

“Give the man a prize! You're right, there is something bothering me and I do look uncomfortable. You're bothering me. You're making me uncomfortable. So leave, already.” Despite the venom of her words, it became increasingly harder for her to sound as menacing as she wanted to.

“Are you sure that's it?” he asked. “Cos, honestly, it seems like you have to-”

“Don't say it! I'm fine.” she snapped quickly, her face turning red as she did. However, she did not confirm or deny his suspicions. Maybe now, he would at last take the hint and go, but still, to her rage and dismay, he lingered with that annoyingly concerned look on his face.

And then, before he could say another word, an urge hit her that was so strong she could not control her reaction. Which meant she dropped her sword, doubled over a bit, and crossed her legs tightly. And he saw every bit of it.

“Just leave!” she roared, humiliated beyond belief that she had been pushed to this point in front of somebody.

Inigo was dumbfounded, and did not know how to respond to the situation that he had unknowingly brought about. “I-I'm sorry, I really didn't know this was the problem, and if there's anything I can do to help you-”

He still trying to make conversation, even now? How she longed to tear him a new one for all he had put her through, but the sad truth was, she could not move an inch. She was locked in place in her desperate attempt not to wet herself, and before she could stop it, she had jammed a hand between her legs.

She wasn't going to make it, and she knew it. Her eyes filled with tears as she felt her bladder begin to give up, her hand growing warmer and wetter as a dark spot spread across her clothes. She let out a choked sob, falling to her knees as she wet herself, landing on the grass with a light thud. She wet herself so quickly that the ground did not absorb it before a small puddle could form.

By the time she had finished, there was not a sound other than her sobs. She was so humiliated that she could not even muster up anger at Inigo for causing this. It was impossible to believe, yet it was completely true and it had happened. She had actually wet herself, and she had wet herself in front of someone else.

“Severa...” said Inigo softly, shocked at what he had witnessed, but more sympathetic than anything else.

“Shut up!” she screamed, not wanting to hear whatever stupid thing he was planning on saying.

“I'm sorry,” he said, and he sounded truly repentant. “I really didn't know, and if you had just said something I would have left. I thought...I mean, I didn't think anything was different than usual.”

“Why don't you leave now, then?” she asked through her tears. “Now that you've seen all this and probably think I'm an idiot!”

“I could never think you were an idiot,” he said. “Why do you think I'm always hanging around? I really do enjoy your company. And all of this is completely my fault, so don't think any less of yourself for it.”

Something about the sincerity of his words struck a chord with her, and she really did feel a little bit better about it. Better enough, at least, that she could say, “Why would I think any less of myself for it?” She stood up. “Like you said, it was completely your fault.”

He gave her a smile, glad to see she was getting back to her old self. “As long as you feel better. You know, I'm here for you no matter what happens.”

She blushed at his words, then glared at him. “Yeah, whatever you say. Don't tell anyone this happened or I'll kill you.”

And as she walked off to get cleaned up, he couldn't help but laugh to himself. She was definitely feeling better.

A/N: Again, no idea who I'm doing next. If I don't get more trades/commissions for this story, I might go ahead and do Noire since Severa makes a brief appearance in her story as well.

*031*2015-05-24 17:54

{{: 

Nuuu, needs more Severa x Lucina.

Other than that, great story :)

}}

Severa x Noire > Severa x Lucina fufufufufu

*036*2015-05-25 23:15

{{: 

Loving it! I wouldn't mind Lucina, but I feel like she may be a big story.

}}

{{: 

Have Severa make Lucina have an accident if you do it :X

}}

I'm just not super fond of Lucina so she's not really in the plans at the moment. Can't really think of any ideas for her because I never really liked her that much.

Characters I do have plans for: Noire, Cherche, Miriel, Sully, Tharja, Flavia (in a crossover with my male series, having it be a contest between her and Basilio), Nowi and Nah in a series within the series (meaning Nah's is a direct sequel to Nowi's)...can't remember who else, if any.

*038*2015-05-26 03:14

{{: 

Heh, Basilio would gladly take on any challenge Flavia comes up with (but why can't they marry eachother (T_T))

}}

I don't know, it makes me so sad :((((

But my plan for that story is just them being themselves, drinking together, he makes a remark about needing a piss, she scolds him for being so open/vulgar, he taunts her and says that everyone does it and that she probably needs to as well, bickering ensues, and they end up competing to see who can hold longer.

{{: 

Its a tie but they will forever argue about who won

}}

