Pasio's strongest bladders (Pokemon)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-07 14:03

A/N: A commission i did a while back!

The holding contest on Pasio seems like a crazy idea at first, but the prize is such a good one that plenty of people still decide to participate, wanting to be able to have their chance at it. The winner will receive an EX outfit without having to do the work necessary to earn one, which will vastly improve their sync pair performance. Plenty of serious trainers put aside their hesitation, ready to participate if it means a chance at getting something like that.

There are a few divisions of it, so that a few people will have a chance to win, and so that it will not be considered too unfair. The four groups are older male trainers, younger male trainers, and then the same two groups for female trainers. It is a serious competition all around, with everyone doing what they can to ignore the humiliation of showing how desperate they are in front of the spectators. It has to be worth the prize in the end, for each of them to have come this far.

One by one, the different divisions compete, with various trainers emerging victorious, while the rest either cave and run to the bathroom, or face the humiliation of wetting themselves. Now, it is down to the final bout, the one between the younger female trainers, and things have been serious right from the start. Several girls have already fallen, unable to win the battle against their own bladders, but now, they are down to the final four contenders, with things getting that much more intense.

Hilda, Korrina, Maylene, and Bea are all known as very serious trainers in their own ways. Three of them hold the title of Fighting type gym leader in their respective regions, known for just how hard they train themselves and their Pokemon. It is no surprise that the three of them would have particularly strong bladders as well, with more endurance than the average person.

As for Hilda, she is known for being tough and assertive, brimming with confidence and taking every battle she enters seriously, doing everything in her power to claim her victory. It turns out that that attitude extends to holding contests like this, and she is determined to prove the strength of her bladder. She is no more willing to give in than the other three girls, but they are all beyond desperate at this point, bladders throbbing.

It started off promising enough, especially as more girls began to fall, with these four not yet experiencing any serious desperation. Even watching some of the early losers falter, watching Lyra soak her overalls, and Lana concede defeat, wetting herself with a sigh, watching Liza panic at the last minute and run off to a bathroom before she wets herself, fate unknown since she never returned, the girls were able to keep their own bladders in check, barely feeling anything until a lot more time had passed for all of the remaining contenders.

However, it has steadily gotten more difficult. As more and more girls began to give in, their own bladders began to make their troubles known. Seeing more and more accidents and losses, it becomes harder to ignore, and by now, they are all aching with their respective needs to pee, and doing what they can to conceal that, while also doing what they can to hold back. No one wants to give too much away, but no one wants to be so consumed by pride that they end up losing control because they were trying to hide the need.

However, Bea finds that she has the perfect balance of this, able to focus on holding back while maintaining a steady stance, not giving her desperation away just yet, even though she is absolutely bursting. Though the others are trying their best to keep it to themselves, she can tell that they are all struggling, that they are all pretty damn desperate too. It is hard to tell who the next one to lose will be, but she knows for a fact that it is not going to be her, that she is going to keep holding it, all the way until the end.

Not only is she not going to be the next person out, but she is not going to lose, period.

It is Korrina that loses next, her knees buckling as she yelps. She jams a hand between her legs, hoping that this will be enough to keep her from losing anymore liquid, but it is already too late for her. Her panties are quickly soaked through, the deluge more than she could ever hope to hold back, especially in her current state. It is all too much for her, and she soon loses out, unable to keep it up for this competition.

Hanging her head in defeat, she groans, “I was so close! Oh well, maybe if I try harder, I can do better next time!”

Hilda smirks at her, certain that she is going to be able to keep holding it longer than either of the other two. However, neither Bea nor Maylene are going to lose to her. They are both serious martial artists, used to training their bodies to be able to surpass any limitations, so this is not something either can lose at, especially not to someone like her. And she is a lot worse off than she lets on, until she can’t help squirming in place, writhing around as she tries to keep herself under control, knowing that she is not going to be able to last much longer.

In the end, there is just nothing that she can do about it. Her bursting bladder is too full for her to handle, and so, she just has to give in, even though she has fought so hard to be able to make it to this point. A dark spot spreads across her denim shorts, something that she has no hope of hiding, and so it is obvious that she has lost. Just like that, she is out for the count, but at the very least, she can enjoy the relief that comes with wetting herself.

Though she would have preferred not to do so at all, there is not much shame in being the third to last person to lose, and she is not going to let that get to her. Letting out a sigh, she knows that it is time for her to step aside, now that her achy bladder is completely empty. It might be a bit before she stops feeling sore from all of that, but at least she was able to put a pretty good fight.

Now, it is down to Bea and Maylene. Most people would think that the competition was nearly over once it was down to the last two girls, but that could not be further from the truth. Even after holding it for this long, it is clear that they have a lot of fight left in them. Both girls are used to holding it for much longer than this, and both girls are very competitive, very determined to be the one to win this. The prize is worth competing for, worth putting in their all, all the way to the end.

Of course, both of their bladders are definitely very full at this point, and just because they are able to handle this so far does not mean that they are not both feeling it. Both want this to be over as quickly as possible, willing the other one to lose so that they might be able to make it out of this dry, and without having to suffer too much. But, just as they each want to win, they both find the other feels the exact same way.

That is what happens when it is down to two equally stubborn, equally tough girls. As they both fight against their bursting bladders, it really is anyone’s game, with the spectators not sure who they would want to place their bets on, were they actually betting on this sort of thing.

Maylene keeps herself calm by trying to keep her mind off of each throb from her bladder. While it is difficult not to think about that need, she does what she can to think about her training regimen, her every routine that takes up her day. This serves as a decent distraction, though it is not flawless, and it is still possible to be brought back to reality, whenever she feels a pang from her bladder, or a noise from the crowd reminds her that she is still very much stuck here, trying to fight her desperation to the very end. But, at the very least, thinking of her training keeps her from showing too much that she is getting to a difficult point in holding it.

And while she is dealing with that, Bea is doing what she can to keep her mind calm as well. Rather than simply trying to come up with a distraction, she tries to rid herself of any thoughts at all, becoming as calm as she possibly can, her mind empty. This is not a completely flawless method, and it is still easy for her to be reminded of the fact that she has to go, but she does her best even so, able to shut it out for a little bit at a time. That is certainly better than nothing, but it is obvious enough that this is not going to help for very long.

Neither one of them have much time before the contest starts to get truly serious for them. To the untrained eye, it would appear that they are both completely stoic right now, both so calm that they likely do not have to go at all, but they both know their own problems, and both know that the other can’t be doing much better.

Still, neither want to get cocky. Bea is fairly certain that Maylene must be struggling as much as she is, but she has never gone up against her in such a competition- has never competed like this with anyone, really. It would be too bold of her to just assume that she knows the other girl’s limits, and to assume that they are so similar to her own. She can hope that they are not that far off from one another, but for as long as Maylene remains in the running, she has to keep trying as if Maylene does not feel the slightest urge, as if it would take hours yet for the other girl to lose.

Only by keeping herself in check will she stand any chance of winning.

Maylene’s thought process is similar. She does not know the first thing about Bea outside of the fact that she is very strong, and that alone would be enough to make her be cautious. If she is going to stand a chance at this, she can’t let her guard down, can’t let herself think that she stands a better chance. After all, there is no reason to believe that when she is getting more desperate by the moment, and Bea is still not showing any outward signs. There is no way of knowing that she feels any desperation at all, and even if Maylene is doing a good job of pretending that is the case for her, she knows for a fact that things are starting to get bad for her.

In comparison to how the contest had been going up until now, this portion might seem a bit boring to the spectators. With girls falling left and right, squirming about and doing everything that they can to hold it in, it was exciting. Now that it is down to the final two, and now that it hardly looks like a holding contest at all, with how serious and stoic the two of them are, it might seem a bit boring. Still, the tension in the air is plain as day, and anyone that seriously cares about this would be watching closely, searching for any signs that one of them is starting to suffer more than the other.

There is nothing right now, but things could change at any moment, and that is what makes it so tense, for the spectators as well as the competitors. Neither girl is actually staring the other down, as they try to do whatever they can to forget their own need, but that is what it looks like, since they are both facing each other. Things are completely silent now, with everyone who had still been making noise soon catching the hint, not wanting to distract either of the girls, and not wanting to miss a moment of the action- or lack thereof- or ruin it for anyone else.

Yet nothing seems to be happening. They are both still keeping their cool, both still appearing to be fine. This goes on for so long that it really does start to seem like it will be hours before either of them so much as flinches. With everything that has happened so far, it seems like the most anti-climactic finale…at least, until something does happen. All eyes are trained on the girls when the first one makes a move, thighs pressing tighter together, narrowing her stance, willing to do whatever she has to do in order to keep her bladder in check.

It is Maylene who does so. She has tried her best to fight that impulse, to ignore the way her mind keeps wandering, trying to keep focused on her distraction as much as she can. However, her bladder hurts so badly that she just can’t help it, her desperation growing to the point that she finally has to show it. Though she wants to keep up her calm appearance, she knows that an appearance does her no good if she still ends up wetting herself, so if this is what she has to do to keep from losing, then so be it.

Pressing her thighs together does help, at least a little bit. She knows that it will not be long before things start to get worse for her again, but at least for right now, she has alleviated some of the pressure. Of course, she has also let Bea know that she is starting to feel that pressure, but when she looks up at her opponent, she is surprised to see that Bea is essentially doing the same thing, mirroring her actions.

Bea feels as though it is fine to do this, if her opponent is going to show her need. Things are getting bad for her, so she is honestly relieved that Maylene is the first to do so, making her feel as if it is okay for her to bring her legs together, rubbing them against one another to try and make this a little bit easier on herself. She rests one foot on top of the other, biting her lip to try and take her mind back off of it. This is getting more intense by the moment, but Bea knows what she wants, and that is a decisive victory. In all things, she wants that, and regardless of the prize, regardless of the stakes, that is always what she is after.

To her, anything less than that is complete humiliation. Of course, that is the exact same way that Maylene feels about it all, so she is every bit as willing to dig her heels in and force herself past this. That is the only reason things are able to drag on this long, with the two of them equally stubborn. Perhaps if anyone else were still in, they would be more willing to just lose out, to free themselves from the pain in the bladders. If it were anyone else up against either of them, then they would know right away that they had no chance, that they could never endure against one of these girls, and find it easier to just give in.

But since it is the two of them facing off against each other, that is what leads to this being so drawn out. The two of them are too stubborn, too determined to make it to the end, but neither of them can last forever. And, no matter what, one of them is going to lose out sooner or later, whether she wants to or not. It is just a matter of who, it is just a matter of when, it is just a matter of which one of them actually has the stronger bladder. Even if the difference in their abilities is slight, it is highly unlikely that there is no difference, that they can both hold out indefinitely, or until the other is giving in at the exact same time.

Though it is starting to feel like that might happen. Everyone is watching so closely now, certain that it could down to the slightest second of difference, essentially a photo finish, and no one wants to miss it. If it came down to that, then surely they would need a lot of different witnesses to really make sure it was clear who gave in first. A competition that had the potential to get rather boring is soon so much more involved, so much more tense, as the two Fighting trainers with iron wills and seemingly even stronger bladders face off against each other, showing more and more signs with each passing moment.

It is as if the first sign shown was what kicked things off, the signal of things getting drastically worse. Bea squirms more and more visibly, knowing that she is showing how much danger she is in, but also knowing that she would be in much greater danger if she did not do this. No matter how she looks in the moment, it will not matter once all is said and done. The strain is visible in her face now, as she becomes much less stoic, but she refuses to think about what she looks like right now.

Instead, she pays attention to what Maylene looks like, to examine her opponent and look for the signs of weakness. It is clear enough that she is starting to lose herself to her desperation, that she is giving in every bit as much. The strain is visible on her face, her cheeks flushed as she tries to hide it. Maylene does not have the same reputation for being stoic that Bea does, and it becomes clearer in moments like this, as she gives in so much more quickly, becoming more expressive in the way that she fights against her need to pee.

Truth be told, Maylene is not sure how much longer she can hold out. She has done her best from the start, but the strain that she feels right now is getting to be way too much for her. All this time, she has done her best, but her bladder is so full now, and has been so full for so long, that she is really not sure how much longer she can handle this. It hurts to even think about it, let alone how it feels to actually experience it, left squirming so desperately, fighting it all to the very end.

Bea is at least starting to show signs that she has to go, which makes it a little bit easier for Maylene to deal with, but her determination is not going to count for much of anything if it turns out that she still can’t manage to last any longer than her temporary rival. After making it this far, she would feel utterly ridiculous to find herself in a situation where she is not the winner, but Bea is likely to be feeling the same way right now, and would not have pushed herself this far if she did not intend to make it to the end. There is no way that she is just going to give in for no reason, right when it is down to the last two.

And with all that in mind, Maylene needs to double down, needs to do whatever it takes to push her closer to her victory. No matter how she looks or how embarrassed she might feel, she has to do what she has to do, and that is why she reaches a hand down between her legs to hold herself, gripping at her crotch and whimpering. A murmur goes through the crowd, which is humiliating enough, but she just has to pretend that they are not there. If she were to be done in by something as simple as being humiliated, then there is no way she would have ever had a chance at this.

Maylene just holds herself and prays that she can handle this a little bit longer, that she can keep holding out until it is all worth it. Her humiliation will be completely worth it, just as long as she can hold it longer than Bea. The fact that Bea is not holding herself does not necessarily mean that she is any more likely to be able to hold it any longer. She is stoic and she tries to hide her feelings even more, so perhaps, she is just fighting her impulses, perhaps that will be her downfall.

Bea wants so badly to hold herself, especially once she is watching Maylene do it. She knows that would make it easier, would make it that much more bearable. Her bladder is killing her, and she feels like she could spring a leak at any moment. Maylene looks absolutely pathetic, but that does not mean anything, and does not actually suggest that she is doing any worse. She might have just given up on trying to look dignified, preferring instead to focus on whatever it takes to secure her victory, no matter how it might make her look.

In that way, she definitely has the right idea, and Bea needs to swallow her pride and join in on that. It would feel so much better to be able to do it, and she really feels like she is on the verge of leaking, perhaps even losing control. Gripping herself makes it feel so much better to her, so much easier for her to tolerate, and she does not care what anyone thinks of her, what anyone thinks when they see her also holding herself. The two of them are even now, and they are being pushed closer and closer to their limits, the end of this little competition right there on the horizon.

Maylene squirms about as she holds herself, pleased to see that Bea is in the same boat that she is. No matter how she might try and act, this has shown just how desperate she really is, just how close she is to absolutely losing it. They must be even now, at least close to even, and if Maylene can just hold it a little bit longer, she tells herself that there is a good chance Bea might lose control before that point, and then she will be the winner.

Just a little bit longer, just a little bit more, and she does what she can to ignore the strain of her bladder. It is killing her now, she really feels like she could wet herself at any moment, but she won’t. While she repeats that to herself, over and over again, Bea is doing exactly the same thing. Neither girl is still now, squirming in place and fighting the urge that has claimed so many other girls in this competition. Things are truly down to the wire now, and both feels like she might lose at any second, but also reminds herself, over and over again, that there is just a little bit longer, that her rival can’t be any better off.

When Maylene finally breaks, it comes as a sudden surprise to her. One moment, she is holding on with all that she has, telling herself over and over again that she is nearly at the end, that she is going to be able to make it, and the next, she is losing. It starts so suddenly that she can hardly register it, but once her panic has set in, it is already too late for her, too late to put a stop to it.

It feels like just a quick leak, just a little spurt, one that she should be able to get back under control by holding herself tightly. However, it is followed by another and then another, and it is more than just leaks, and she realizes too late that this is not stopping, that one leak has kept going and going until it can no longer be classified as a leak anymore. She did not even feel like she was about to break; sure, she knew that she was nearing that point, that hse was more desperate than she had ever been in her life, but she did not think that she was really about to start wetting herself, not yet, not now.

But here she is, far past the point of no return, and there is absolutely nothing that she can do about it. Maylene is completely hopeless now, her humiliation becoming all too clear as she begins thoroughly soaking herself, the contents of her bladder gushing out of her, where everyone can see. There is no hiding that she has lost once it has seeped through to show on her pants, and she does not bother keeping her hand there to even attempt to hide it.

It all spreads out too quickly, and there are gasps and murmurs as everyone realizes what this means. The loser has been decided, a winner has been declared, and despite fighting all the way to the end, there was nothing that Maylene could do to ensure that she stayed in even a little bit longer. This was her limit, less than Bea’s, and not enough to get her the victory that she fought so hard for. Of course, she is ashamed and humiliated by this, but at the same time, she is mostly just relieved, just glad that it is over.

Her bladder is going to be sore for a long while after this, and she is not sure when she is going to go back to feeling normal. Maybe it is for the best that she is out now, and one she is completely empty, her pants completely soaked through, she is glad to just be done with it. Even if she did not win, she can at least say that she lasted longer than all but one, perhaps even longer than she initially thought that she would. In that way, this was still good, and she can still be proud of herself.

Bea, on the other hand, is thrilled, though she is not exactly in any position to show it. She has won, and is able to finally head off to the bathroom. There is a victory for her to celebrate, a prize for her to claim, but before she worries about that, she is going to hurry off so that she can relieve herself. She is aching and bursting, and watching Maylene thoroughly soak herself did not help with that at all, ensuring that she needs to empty as soon as possible, before…

Bea grips at herself as tight as she can, trying to fight against the urge just a little while longer. Just a little bit more now, and she can empty her bladder, in the privacy of the bathroom like she wants. All she has to do is hold it long enough to get there, but she finds that she is stuck right where she is, still in the center of the crowd, a few feet away from the defeated Maylene. Her movement is limited to the way that she squirms about, but beyond that, she can’t move forward, can’t take a single step or she knows that she is going to wet herself.

Though she was able to last long enough to win the contest, she was pushed to her absolute limit, and if Maylene had been able to last even a little while longer, the results would have been very different. That is certainly embarrassing, but there is nothing she can do to stop it once it has started. As soon as she is declared the winner, Bea’s bladder gives in completely, and she starts wetting herself right then and there, in front of the crowd that has watched every other girl be eliminated from the contest.

And Bea does not even care. Yes, it is humiliating, and yes, she would have preferred to be able to last a little bit longer, to not wet herself in front of everyone, but she finds that it does not really matter, not when she knows that it does not change things. She still won, and there is nothing that can take her victory away from her. She still gets the coveted prize, still gets to be remembered as the winner of her division.

So she just stands there, letting go and not trying to stop it once it has started. Sighing, her shoulders sag as she lets it all out, giving into her relief, feeling as blissful as can be in the moment. It has been a long and difficult battle, but she was able to prove that it is not more than she can take, that she has the strongest bladder of all the girls in this category.

That being said, if she were told that she could compete against the winners of the other groups, to determine the strongest bladder amongst them, she is pretty sure that she would turn that down, at least right now. Right now, she just wants to rest and enjoy her victory.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

