Zapp's Fiction Patreon/Commissions

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-03-23 00:59

Since I want to start doing this writing thing more frequently, like I used to, I got the idea to start up a patreon, where I will post what content I write relevant to the fetish early, and post it here/on ao3 later (perhaps a week out, or so). Not only that, but I would also do polls for what I should write next (both with original fiction and fanfiction), suggestions for what goes on polls, and then requests for the higher tiers. The higher tiers would be the same price as my commissions are, so it's basically like always being guaranteed a commission slot, while also getting the voting rights and suggestion rights.

I don't know if this will take off well or not, but I thought it would be fun to try, and a better way to motivate myself to keep writing new omorashi content. As for the content, I write both male and female, but it would frequently lean toward whatever my patrons were voting on. Same with potential fandoms for fanfiction, anything on my fandom list for my commissions is fair game (Fire Emblem, My Hero Academia, Blood Blockade Battlefront, Durarara, Tokyo Ghoul just to name a few), but I'm always getting into new things, and that list could expand.

Finally, I'd like it to be the place where I start posting early access to a multi-chaptered fic with omo as the main focus, though there might be some chapters where it isn't the main event, overall it would be a fic about a couple exploring omorashi (with potentially some lewder scenes, based on if that's voted in or not). It would focus on OCs, so no external context needed. As of right now, my outline is out to five chapters, I don't see it being any longer than ten, so I would say probably around seven chapters total, possibly more depending on how the scenes I have in mind flesh out.

The title is His Waitress, and it centers on, as the title suggests, a waitress in her early twenties with a crush on one of her regulars. He is a bit older than her, and, though they flirt, it doesn't really go anywhere. Until one day, when she's gotten busy at work and she doesn't have a chance for a break, he begins to flirt with her more heavily, while she struggles against her desperation. At the time, she doesn't thing the two are connected, but...

So, I'm not sure if this is something any of you would be interested in, or if it will take off, but I figured it was worth a try! If you wanted to commission me but didn't know what to ask for, or if you'd like to have a regular commission slot, or if you just want to throw me a dollar while I'm in the process of moving, getting married, and trying to find a new job, it would be greatly appreciated! My current goal is to hopefully produce at minimum one female story a month, one male story a month, and at least one update of His Waitress a month, but I think the last one will be more frequent than that, and just keep rolling until I finish it.

Without further ado, here's the link: https://www.patreon.com/zappobrien

Here's my AO3 with a fuckton of my work: https://archiveofourown.org/users/WattStalf

And here's my commission thread, where I have all that information:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6161880151" scrolling="no" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" style="height:220px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/48458-commissions-open-again/?do=embed"

