Bathrooms are closed at school

Author: Zbra

*000*2017-10-07 01:35

Another desperation story.

Sophia is a very small girl, pretty cute. She has dark hair and blue eyes. That day, she was wearing a black tight T shirt and a pair of jeans.

Sophia was at school. At about the first half of the lecture, she started feeling a little twinge in her bladder. She didn't think much of it, because she knew very well it could stay over control for the rest of the lecture. For that reason, she totally ignored it and continued sipping from her water bottle. A few minutes later, her need has grown more than expected, and she was pretty glad that the lecture was over. She went straight towards the bathroom, but realised that there was pretty a long line. At her school, there are only five minutes between the first two lectures. Sophia looked at the queue and calculated that waiting that long would make her late for her next class. Being a very shy girl, Sophia didn't like to be late for class; thus, she decided to omit her bathroom break and directly go to her next lecture.

The second lecture was hard to follow because Sophia was repeatedly distracted by her lower abdomen sending her warning signals. She was still holding on though. From time to time, she has to press her thighs together in order to help her hold her pee. She was starting to be seriously worried about her situation, when the class suddenly ended earlier that usual. Sophia was both surprised and delighted. Her happiness didn't las long. When she arrived to the bathroom, she was told that they were closed due to someone having made a huge mess. She couldn't believe it: can they even do that? force every girl in the school to hold their urine for a whole day? She looked around and saw a few girls looking at the bathroom door with envy. They seemed vaguely annoyed, but no one seemed to have to go so bad. That being said, Sophia herself was struggling not to show her desperation, so maybe other girls were doing the same.

It was now lunch time. Sophia went to the cafeteria, ordered her food, and sat down with her friends.

"Did you see that", said one of her friends, "They closed the bathroom. I hope none of you have to pee, because otherwise you're in big trouble."

Sophia laughed at that humorous remarked, but didn't find it funny. She was now crossing her legs very tightly under the table. Occasionally, she would pass her hand on her lower belly. She could feel her very filled bladder through her clothes. For a second she allowed herself to fantasize on the feeling of letting all that liquid escape out of her body. She quickly got back to reality and clench her legs twice as hard to prevent a spurt that almost happened. The lunch time was finally over. Sophia was now focused on ending the day as fast as she can and go pee at home. Suddenly, she realised that her last class was gym class...

The first thing the teacher ask them to do was jumping jacks. At every jump, Sophia could feel her water balloon moving up and down. Worst of all: she was no longer aloud to cross her legs in order to prevent pee from coming out of her. She focused so hard on tightening her crotch muscles. Still, she could feel all that water begging to go in a toilet. Then, they had to do various yoga positions. They started with the bridge position. This pose was so hard on her bladder that she started to have tears in her eyes. At some point she let a 5 seconds spurt come out. For that period of time, she felt like heaven. But quick, she collapsed on the ground and grabbed her crotch with both hands, trying to stop the flow. She miraculously succeeded. Now she had to do the cobra pose. This time, Sophia knew she would not be able to do it. She tried, but another spurt escaped.

Sophia immediately asked if she could go drink some water in the changing room. The teacher accepted. Sophia was now in an empty room aloud to use any method she could seem fit to hold her pee in. She sat on a bench and put her foot into her groin. She forced with both of her hands, but it wasn't enough: she started peeing. She tried to stop it, but the pee just kept escaping. At some point, she just stopped fighting and accepted her loss. It felt extremely good to let go all that long held fluid. Actually, she peed for quite a lot of time, but she felt awesomely relieved after that...

Don't worry about Sophia. She changed her clothes and pretexted an injury. She quickly returned to the gym and acted as a spectator for the rest of the class. Nobody thought of suspecting her for the massive puddle of pee in the changing room.

