The Bathrooms (The Backrooms but omo/messy)

Author: Zero_4793

*000*2022-11-06 07:53

Lisa was on her way back from the gym. In white joggers, pink leggings and a blue T-shirt. She was eager to get home and use the loo, she didn't like using the ones at the gym, especially for #2. She would even opt to leak a little pee in her leggings than use the public toilets. On her way home she walks through the park as per usual.

As she strolls through the park, she hears a noise from the trees, first she thinks its just an animal, but then it sounds like a crying baby. So Lisa runs over afraid for it. As she does so she trips. Rolls her ankle? Holds her arms out to stop her fall. Her fall doesn't stop. She screams as she falls through the ground, tumbling through the void.

There's nothing. Just blank, deafening quiet. She feels herself screaming, but cannot even hear herself. After just a few moments she lands, THUD! It hurt, it really did, but nothing seems broken. She takes a moment to catch her breath, she can hear her breath. "Hello?" she can hear that too, even a slight echo in the dark, though not pitch black like before. There's a dim flickering light in the distance, no, around the corner. She slowly gets to her feet, feeling the pang in her bladder once again, but that's the least of her problems, right? Lisa begins to walk towards the light, around the corner. Walls, Lights, hallways, as far as she can see. What is this nightmare purgatory. Where the hell is she.

She explores the endless office space for what seems like hours. Her need grows more and more till she begins to consider going on the floor. There doesn't appear to be anyone around in whatever this place is, but still, it feels wrong. she searches for a discrete corner, just incase there is someone, somewhere. Once she finds a discrete, albeit dark, corner she backs up stops and listens to check there is in fact no one around. 

Once satisfied she begins to slowly lower her pink leggings and black panties. Squatting down, ready to pee on this already yellow carpet. Its hard to voluntarily piss on carpet, never having been naughty like this before. Not *this* naughty anyway. As she waits in position, begging her bladder to release, she thinks about times she has intentionally wet at or on the way home. Times she has even soiled her self at home right before a nice warm shower. But she has never gone on the floor or in public, these had always excited her, but she was too self conscious to try such things.

Her knees began to ache, waiting so long in a squat. And just as she smiled with excitement, a few drops finally leaving her tense body... she goes pale, wide eyed, even tenser stopping any flow. What was that Sound!? There's someone there! She jumps up and pulls her pants up. No something, that wasn't a human sound. She sees a silhouette in the distance, not a human one. She holds back a scream and quietly shuffles out of the corner.

Her bursting bladder overshadowed only by her racing heart. Once out of the corner and in view of long hallways she begins to run, as fast as she can with her full bladder. Faster even. The pain. The fear. She leaks as she runs, the piss pushed out from the force. But there's something after her. After running for sometime she stops, confident its no longer behind her. Panting, clenching, holding herself. Her crotch damp, but her bladder still mostly full. It could come again, this place is inhuman. She closes her eyes and focuses. She finally begins to pee, properly, hardly even feeling relief, just feeling the wet warmth down her legs.

About half way empty she hears it again. She tries to stop her flow, she cant. She begins to run, it hurts, but eventually her flow cuts off. Her wet legs are nothing compared to the squelching in her shoes. Squelching! noise! oh god it can hear her. Still trying to keep moving she struggles to get her shoes off. She barely gets them off before the creature catches up. She screams as she flees once again.

Minutes later she seems to have gotten away again, panting deep, exhausted, she leans against a wall and manages to let the rest out. Just gushing pissing through her leggings. She enjoys the feeling, and is actually grateful for the clothing, the pee running down her legs is much quieter then spraying into the carpet. Thankfully she feels some relief and pleasure near the end of emptying her bladder. Her mild smile soon fades as she feels the need to fart. She is able to with effort make it silent. But its a bad sign. She has to poop. This thing has already caught her with her pants down, she opted to wet rather than be vulnerable. But poop, how could she manage that with it being there at any moment. Oh god, she has to find a way out of this place. At least she isn't desperate yet. It's still manageable.

She wanders this never ending maze of yellow carpet. Beginning to grow aroused from her wet state. Her heart still racing however, checking over her shoulder constantly. And trying to suppress or at least quieten every fart. Eventually she stumbles upon a staircase up. She assumes this must be the way out and hurries up excitedly. The spiral staircase is long, multiple stories, she ponders whether this is endless like the maze and stops, leaning against the rail on the verge of sobbing. She holds it back, afraid to be heard. 

She figures going back down wouldn't be any better, so despite the crushing fear, exhaustion and growing pressure in her bowels, she continues up. Many stories up she must take another break. As she leans against the railing a wave of pressure goes through her. she figures there's no point fighting it completely, so she leans forward and gets ready to push a small load into her panties. However she only trickles some pee as she turtle necks, merely staining her panties while reliving herself none. She figures she better keep moving, opting to hold the rest in and continue up the stairs.

The stairs end, they actually end. and she hasn't heard that creature in some time. However, she is not outside, just a different floor. One of tiling, like a pool. Like a pools showers... like a bathroom! Excitement coursing through her, she runs around searching with a burst of energy. Her energy and excitement slowly fade as its once again endless hallways and empty rooms, just of tile now instead of carpet and wallpaper. She figures since she hasn't heard it in a while, now might be the chance to relieve herself. But again her instinct is that shitting on the floor is a terrible thing to do. She grapples with it for some time, pacing as the pressure builds. Eventually she gives in. Lowering her leggings, squatting, and ... FUCK, of course, brilliant timing, its back, she can hear it. Just as she began to pee she lifts up her leggings, wetting them more. And begins to flee once again.

Again she loses it, sighing in relief. She leans against a wall to catch her breath. As she rests she spots a door in the distance. Her interest piqued she moves toward it. When she gets close she breaks into hysterical laughter. It's a bathroom door, and its 'occupied'. What cruel joke is this. She sees more doors down the hallway and continues to investigate them one by one, all the while her farts coming more and more, nearly at her limit. Most are 'occupied'. She finds one that is 'vacant'. She enters, there is no toilet. Just a bed of all things. In what looks like a bathroom. Exhausted and at whit's end she flops onto the bed, laughing in her mind at the nonsense of her situation. Another wave comes, she gives in and begins to mess herself. Laying her torso flat on the bed, her legs off the edge, kneeling on the floor. She gives in completely, utterly soiling herself. Brown piss running down her legs.

Halfway through her relief the door slams open, its the creature. Her heart stops, there is no escape, that was the only entrance to this room. She admits defeat and accepts her fate, too exhausted to run, to even scream. She continues to shit herself in defeat and fear as it comes closer. Tentacles sprout from its hideous figure and begin to approach her. She buries her head into the bed in fear. The last of her waste leaves her body and pushes into her overstuffed panties as she waits for her impending doom.

After an excruciating silence, she looks up to see Its not there. It's just gone. The room is empty, apart from her brown puddle. The door is closed. She slowly gets to her feet. Feeling her bulging mess squish against her lower back. she shivers from a mix of disgust and arousal. She waddles over to the door and slowly opens it. There is no monster, just the hallway. Wait, it's not the same hallway as before, its, her hallway. Her pictures and art hung on the wall, her living room at the end. She steps through the doorway and slowly makes her way down the hallway, questioning the reality of this.

The door closes behind her. She turns back startled. To see its now just her typical front door, she can see sunlight through the mosaic. She rushes to it and opens the door. Its true, she's home. the sunlight and fresh air feel wonderful. She then notices the eyes of a pedestrian passing bye looking at her, at her crotch. Soaked and messy. She swiftly shuts the door and runs to the bathroom. Leaving a trail of brown pee and footprints in the hallway rug. She strips down and jumps in the shower. Mostly relieved to be home, to be clean. But still unnerved and paranoid. Afraid that this isn't real.

(I just kinda improvved this, from some jokes i had with lewd friends. It almost went even darker with a bad ending)

*002*2022-11-21 03:09

Thankyou

