Summer School Hold & Burst

Author: Zz22_

*000*2025-11-22 14:35

Characters

Conrad Müller – 18, German, summer school football team captain. 185 cm, blond hair, emerald-green eyes, sunshine-smile golden boy on the outside, secretly shy about public bathrooms and nursing a massive crush on the new exchange student.

Adam Hayes – 18, American exchange student. Black hair, gray-blue eyes, quiet, sharp-tonged, but melts when he smiles. Has a deeply hidden desperation/ wetting fetish he’s terrified anyone will discover—especially the guy he’s been quietly obsessing over for a week.

Setting

A small international summer football academy in Germany, July. Old-fashioned open-plan locker room showers (communal pillar with six showerheads), broken pipes, sealed toilets, and a row of completely exposed cast-iron outdoor urinals that nobody uses because they’re visible from half the campus. Classic European “zero privacy” nightmare fuel.

Blurb / Recommendation

“Conrad thought he was the only one dying after a brutal two-hour practice with no working toilets. Turns out the quiet American exchange student walking half a step behind him was fighting the exact same war—and hiding an even bigger secret.

Seventeen meters.

That’s the distance between the locker room and the dorm.

Seventeen meters of pure torture that ends with both boys soaking their shorts in front of each other under the golden sunset. What follows is 10 000 words of pure desperate holding, shaking legs, whispered “I can’t hold it,” mutual pants-wetting, frantic covering-up, hiding from teammates in bushes and dark staircases, and the single most awkward (and sweet) “come shower at my place” invitation you’ll ever read.

This is THE summer-school omorashi slow-burn. The desperation is excruciatingly detailed, the embarrassment is palpable, the mutual attraction is off the charts, and the moment they both lose it together is so perfectly written you’ll feel the warmth running down your own legs. If you love shy boys who are way too proud to admit they’re at their limit, teammates protecting each other’s dignity, and that electric second when a shared accident turns into something else entirely—this is your next favorite story.”

Why this Chinese story is “dangerous” to translate word-for-word into English

Platform risk

The original text was written for the Chinese internet (probably Lofter/Jinjiang). It contains extremely explicit desperation descriptions (detailed leaking, visible bulging bladder, sound effects of pee hitting the ground, clothes becoming translucent, etc.) plus clear sexual tension and mild arousal from the wetting itself. If you post a 100% faithful English translation on any major platform (AO3, Wattpad, Tumblr, Twitter, Tumblr alternative sites, etc.), it will very likely be reported and taken down for “underage explicit content” (both characters are 18, but many sites treat any high-school setting as radioactive) or for violating the “no sexual bodily fluids” rule that some platforms have quietly enforced.

Cultural red flags

Chinese omorashi readers accept very detailed physical descriptions and semi-public humiliation as standard genre fare. In English-speaking circles, the same level of graphic detail (especially combined with the “two teenage boys hiding erections while wet”) instantly gets flagged as “too extreme” or “borderline illegal” by automated filters and overzealous moderators.

Searchability & harassment

Once a literal translation exists, the Chinese original link can be reverse-searched, and the author (who probably wrote under a private Lofter account) risks being doxxed or mass-reported by anti-fandom groups.

That’s why most English omorashi communities only accept heavily edited/sanitized versions or completely original stories inspired by Chinese works—never full direct translations of the most popular “nuclear-level” desperation fics like this one.

So yes, I translated the entire piece for you privately, but if you ever want to share it publicly in English, it has to be toned down or rewritten from scratch, otherwise it will be deleted within hours. This one is simply too perfectly filthy in its original form.

2.txt

*001*2025-11-22 14:39

Conrad had no idea that Adam had that secret fetish.

In Conrad’s eyes, Adam was just that American exchange student with black hair and gray-blue eyes—quiet, sharp-tongued, but when he smiled, it was like he was wrapping someone up in sunlight. He didn’t know that after every training session, Adam always walked half a step behind him, his gaze sticking to his back, as if waiting for something, but never saying it out loud.

The summer school had only been open for a week, and the two of them were already somewhat familiar. It started on the first day when they were divided into teams; Adam’s shot was caught right by Conrad, and from then on, they always chatted by the locker room—talking about American high school leagues, German beer festivals, some light, inconsequential chit-chat. Familiar enough to pass each other towels or borrow water bottles, but not familiar enough to share all embarrassments. Especially this kind of… intimate embarrassment.

That evening, the training field was eerily empty. The locker room’s water pipe had burst, the toilets were sealed off, and over thirty big boys were left holding it in after training, their faces turning blue. After taking quick cold showers in groups of three or four, they all rushed to the cafeteria, leaving the last two behind.

Conrad was a local student from a well-off family, living in the school’s studio dorm—a single room with its own private bathroom. So he never rushed to take care of things in the locker room; he always went back to the dorm to shower and use the toilet. Today was no exception, even though his bladder was swollen like it was about to burst; he gritted his teeth and held it, planning to head straight back to the dorm.

Adam was different. As an exchange student, he was assigned to a regular dorm. The school’s soccer field locker room shower was an old-style design: a thick pillar surrounded by six showerheads, with several people washing in a 360-degree circle, zero privacy.

He had originally planned to secretly relieve himself while showering—the water rushing loudly, everyone’s attention on themselves, no one should notice. But when he stood by the pillar, with two teammates next to him laughing and chatting about tactics, he had just relaxed a bit when the hot stream trickled down his thigh. He panicked, quickly clamped his legs together, pretended to bend down to pick up soap, and held back the rest.

When he came out, his face was a bit red, thinking he couldn’t let anyone notice. Especially Conrad—they’d only known each other a few days; if he lost face, how would they get along later?

Conrad sat on the bench, his forehead against his knees, his blond hair stuck in sweaty strands. He was wearing those white Nike shorts, the fabric thin and tight, his lower abdomen bulging alarmingly, like he’d secretly stuffed a volleyball in there. His knees were clamped tightly together, the muscles in his thighs tense with sharp lines, twitching. He knew he looked pathetic like this, but he didn’t want to admit it in front of Adam—they’d only known each other a week; helping each other was natural, but this kind of thing… His mouth twitched, better forget it.

Adam stood three meters away, holding their towels, and when he saw his abdomen, his Adam’s apple bobbed. He was actually suffering more than Conrad; that bit of urine leaked in the shower made his lower abdomen even more swollen, like adding fuel to the fire. He’d been good at hiding things since he was a kid, to the point where he almost believed himself that he was just “simply wanting to stay with him.”

“Let’s go.” Adam’s voice was a bit hoarse, “If we don’t go now, there won’t be any food left in the cafeteria.”

Conrad looked up, his emerald green eyes misty with water, biting his lower lip and gently shaking his head: “I… don’t feel like eating today. I’m dead tired… from training, heading straight back to the dorm.”

Adam smiled secretly, and immediately had a conditioned reflex to clamp his thighs together. Conrad’s studio had a private toilet; he could hold it until there. But what about Adam? Though Europe is smaller than America, the school here was built even bigger than his own school; he grumbled inwardly. So There was still some distance to walk back to the dorm; what if he couldn’t hold it anymore… But he couldn’t say it out loud. They’d only known each other a few days; saying something like that was too embarrassing.

Seventeen meters away, that row of old-fashioned cast-iron urinals stood there. Because they were clearly visible through the soccer field’s iron net, no one usually used them. The surroundings were empty, the bushes rustling, isolating the world into an island just for them. Adam wanted to go there to relieve himself, but the sky wasn’t completely dark yet; doing that would be too embarrassing.

It was embarrassing enough already, okay? Adam’s mind was about to explode. How do you even use this thing? What were Europeans thinking?

Adam took a deep breath and reached out to pull him: “If you’re tired, I’ll support you. Let’s go back to the dorm.”

Conrad bit his lip, didn’t say anything, and leaned over. This guy was usually so prideful; it seemed he was really on the edge of losing control… Adam’s mouth curved up slightly. Conrad’s hand was ice-cold, his fingertips trembling. The two walked side by side, their pace extremely slow. Every step Conrad took was like walking on a knife’s edge, his knees turned inward, his breathing short like a small animal. Adam deliberately draped the towel over Conrad’s shoulder, using it to pull him closer, letting his own body block any possible lines of sight, and also blocking the dark stain that had already seeped out at his crotch. That loss of control in the shower made every step feel like he was being roasted over fire—he wanted to get to the dorm quickly, but he was afraid Conrad would notice his embarrassment.

Ten meters.

Eight meters.

Five meters.

As they passed the urinals, Conrad suddenly stopped, his whole body bent at ninety degrees, hands pressing desperately below his abdomen, letting out an extremely soft whimper. Adam saw a small transparent wet spot seep out at the crotch of his white shorts, then like a dam bursting, it quickly spread downward. The hot stream rolled down the inside of his thighs, glistening gold in the sunset, dripping patter onto the gravel, the sound alarmingly loud.

Conrad’s shoulders heaved violently, his blond hair hanging down to cover his eyes. Adam heard his whimpering voice: “…Sorry. I couldn’t hold it… The dorm is too far…”

But in that moment, Adam completely lost control.

The loss in the shower was just the beginning; seeing Conrad break down in that instant, a scorching electric current shot from his tailbone to the back of his head, all reason crumbling. He fiercely clamped his legs together, but it was already too late; the front of his black athletic pants surged with a large dark patch, the hot stream trickling down his thighs, even more surging than Conrad’s.

He staggered two steps, finally rushing to the nearest cast-iron urinal, his fingers trembling as he tried to untie the drawstring of his shorts. The original bow seemed to have turned into a dead knot, impossible to undo. Adam was so anxious his eyes reddened, pulling until his knuckles turned white, but the urine couldn’t be stopped anymore, overflowing from the waistband, trickling down his still-tense adductor muscles, glistening on his legs.

He had completely wet his pants.

Right in front of the urinal, unable to untie the drawstring, pants soaked through. Aaaaaah fuck, so embarrassing! He thought of that leak in the shower—if he’d just let it all out then, it wouldn’t be like this now. But with so many people around showering, he was afraid of being seen, afraid of losing face. And now? Even more humiliating.

The wind suddenly picked up, the bushes rustling loudly, covering the two’s panting breaths. Conrad slowly straightened up, his wet lashes trembling, seeing Adam’s equally pathetic state; he was stunned at first, then unbelievably curved his eyes, laughing out loud—a laugh with a crying tone, wet and messy.

“You too…” His voice was hoarsely unlike himself, “You couldn’t even… hold it until the dorm? Didn’t you shower…”

“Oh… so honest?” He said halfway and realized himself, still able to smirk with wet pants, “Doesn’t seem like your style, Ad…”

Adam gritted his teeth, his ears red and transparent, but in that moment, he let go, allowing the last bit of hot stream to flow out. He looked down at Conrad, at that face gilded gold by the sunset, and suddenly felt his heart being gripped tightly by something. They’d only known each other a few days, yet he already wanted to catch his affection, didn’t want him to think he was embarrassing.

*002*2025-11-22 14:47

“Shut up.” He said hoarsely, yet he reached out and pulled the person into his arms, using the towel to cover Conrad’s soaked buttocks, and also covering his own equally embarrassing lower body. “In the shower… there were too many people, I didn’t dare to let it all out. Now… forget it.”

In the distance, the laughter of teammates came, the cafeteria direction was brightly lit, and someone was walking towards the dorm path.

They had to cross that path lined with low holly bushes on both sides to get back to the dorm area. The street lamps were dim yellow, spaced thirty meters apart, with large patches of shadow in between. Teammates in groups of three or two, carrying bags, holding water bottles, chatting about the latest bits of gossip in the school as they walked.

Conrad’s studio was on the top floor of the dorm building, with an independent entrance; Adam’s regular room was on the second floor, and the public bathroom was also crowded. Now both of them were soaked through, and they had to cross this three-hundred-meter “minefield” without being discovered. The urgency burned like fire—Conrad wanted to hurry back to his studio to shower, Adam wanted to too, but he was afraid that in the public bathroom, someone would spot the traces. If they saw the wet pants, all face would be lost.

Adam reacted first. He folded their two towels into the thickest layer, tied it around Conrad’s waist like a temporary apron, covering most of the most embarrassing buttocks and the back of the thighs. For himself, he took off the team jacket, tied it around his waist, blocking the key wet area in front. The black fabric became even darker after absorbing water, but at least it wasn’t transparent. While doing this, his hand accidentally touched Conrad’s waist side, that patch of skin was alarmingly hot. Conrad didn’t dodge, just lowered his head, his ear tips slightly red.

“Stick close to me as we walk.” Adam’s voice was so low it was just a breath, “I’ll block for you. Don’t let others see.”

Conrad nodded, his wet fingers quietly hooking onto the hem of Adam’s jersey, like grasping a lifeline. They’d only known each other a few days, this kind of intimate action made his face hot, but it also felt reassuring—Adam didn’t laugh at him, didn’t disdain him, just naturally helped. Adam felt the same, thinking if Conrad knew he wanted to borrow his toilet to relieve himself, would he think it was embarrassing? But now he couldn’t care about that.

When the first wave of teammates came from the opposite direction, they had just reached the shadow between the street lamps. Adam turned sideways and pressed Conrad into the edge near the bushes, blocking in front with his own tall back like a wall. The teammates laughed and called their names: “Adam! Conrad! Why didn’t you two go to the cafeteria?”

“Waiting for you to treat us to dinner.” Adam laughed back, his voice steady without a single flaw, “No, just dead tired from training today, heading straight back.”

In the darkness, he could feel Conrad trembling against his back, could smell the strange scent from his hair tips mixed with urine and grass, yet it oddly made him feel at ease. Conrad’s fingers tightened a bit, like silently saying “thank you.” Adam’s heartbeat skipped a beat—they’d only known each other a few days, why did this touch make him want to linger a bit longer?

The teammates walked away. Conrad’s breath sprayed on Adam’s neck from behind, scorching hot: “Thank you… I didn’t expect this to happen. Usually it’s fine, today the training was too intense, drank too much water I guess.” On his pale complexion, the blush stood out way too clearly, which at this moment seemed especially cute.

“It’s fine.” Adam said hoarsely, turning to look at him. The sunset’s afterglow leaked through the leaves, shining on Conrad’s blond hair like a layer of soft light. “Me too… in the shower with people surrounding, I didn’t dare… to let it all out. Regret it now.”

Conrad’s eyes brightened a bit, with a touch of curiosity: “Surrounded while washing? American schools aren’t like that, right?”

Adam shrugged, smiling a bit self-mockingly: “You’re overthinking it, each school is different just like you guys. But our school does have wall rows… still single stalls.”

He hesitated for a moment, then said: “Sometimes after training, with the hot water rushing, if you really… just let it go, no one would know, unlike you guys!”

They continued walking, their pace slowing down, like deliberately extending this stretch of road. Conrad’s studio had a private shower, he could wash alone; Adam’s public bathroom, more people queuing at night, what if the wet pants traces weren’t dry… but he didn’t say it out loud, didn’t want Conrad to think he was too pathetic.

The second wave had more people, five German defenders, their voices loud enough to scare. They walked slowly, still discussing the goals from earlier. Adam grabbed Conrad in one pull, flashing into the shadow of a fire door by the roadside, some teaching building he didn’t know. The back door was up a few steps, just that deep, barely enough for two people.

They pressed tightly together.

Adam’s chest against Conrad’s back, the soaked fabric rubbing, making a sticky sound. Conrad’s buttocks pressed against Adam’s already half-hard lower abdomen, every breath like fire. Adam bit his own hand back to not make a sound. He smelled Conrad’s scent—sweat, grass, that bit of embarrassing wetness—yet it felt intimate. They’d only known each other a few days, why did he want to hold him tight?

“Don’t move.” His voice was so low it was almost inaudible, yet carrying a commanding tone. His hand unconsciously pressed on Conrad’s waist, helping adjust the apron’s position.

Conrad, however, leaned back a little, almost instinctively. Adam heard his extremely light laugh with moisture, like a feather brushing over the ear: “You… your hand is so cold.”

Adam’s heart pounded fiercely. He wanted to move his hand away, but couldn’t bear to. Conrad turned his head, his side face almost touching Adam’s chin, emerald green eyes shining in the shadow: “Adam, I… usually don’t… have accidents, right? …Thank you.”

“It’s fine, don’t think too much.” Adam said hoarsely, his fingertips accidentally sliding over Conrad’s waist side skin. That touch was hot and smooth, making his Adam’s apple bob. They’d only known each other a few days, this kind of ambiguous touch made his mind chaotic—he wanted to know what Conrad’s room looked like, wanted to know if he’d think of today while showering.

The teammates’ footsteps faded away. Conrad didn’t move, just rested his head on Adam’s shoulder, very lightly, like afraid to disturb something: “We… like this, won’t we be misunderstood?”

Adam laughed, low voice: “Misunderstood for what?”

But his mind went crooked. Wanted to know if Conrad’s vulnerability was only shown to him, wanted to know if they got more familiar, would there be more.

When the third wave passed, they had already reached the darkest path at the dorm back door. Moonlight was shredded by tree shadows, falling on their overlapping shadows. Conrad suddenly stopped, turned around, looked up at him.

The street lamp shone from behind him, blond hair like a circle of soft halo. Under the soaked lashes, those emerald green eyes were alarmingly bright, carrying a bit of unspoken gratitude and curiosity.

“Adam.” His voice was very light, yet the first time calling him directly by name, “Today… thank you. If it wasn’t for you, I might have… been even more embarrassing on the road. Back at the dorm I can shower, what about you? Public bathroom… won’t it be awkward?”

What kind of little angel is this! Adam’s Adam’s apple bobbed, this face lost or not? He wanted to tough it out and say “it’s fine,” but the soaked pants below clung to his skin in the wind. He couldn’t say it out loud. He saw Conrad’s lips trembling, saw him quietly extend his fingers, hooking a bit of his own hem, like afraid to scare something away. Conrad’s studio had privacy, he could handle everything alone; Adam had to face the public space’s embarrassment. But now, he didn’t want Conrad to worry.

“Thank you.” Adam said, voice low and hoarse, “Or… later just go to your place to borrow a shower? Just kidding.”

Conrad’s face reddened, but didn’t let go: “If you don’t mind…”

At that moment, the air seemed to solidify. Adam’s heartbeat like a drum—they’d only known each other a few days, this invitation was too ambiguous. But Conrad’s eyes were so sincere, like saying “mutual help, no big deal.”

“I…” Conrad bit his lower lip, “I actually… am really afraid of those public bathrooms… the kind where showers are surrounded, I tried it once before, and never went again. Not doing it directly at the soccer field… is also because…”

Is he gay? Yeah, so that’s why… don’t assume just because you like someone! Adam warned himself in his heart.

He reached out, using his thumb to wipe away the water mark at the corner of Conrad’s eye, not knowing if it was sweat or tears: “Today… we both were embarrassed, good thing only we two know.”

Conrad laughed, tears mixing with the laugh falling down: “Secret.”

In the distance came the last batch of teammates’ footsteps. They both held their breath at the same time, backs against the wall, hiding in the shadow. Shoulder to shoulder, like two silent statues. After the footsteps faded, the whole path finally became completely quiet, only cicada chirps and heartbeats left.

Conrad suddenly laughed out loud, very light very light, like afraid to disturb the night. He rested his forehead on Adam’s shoulder, voice with a nasal tone: “We now… must smell really bad. Back to the studio to wash, together. Not that meaning… just mutual help covering up.”

Adam also laughed, relaxing for the first time: “Didn’t think crooked.”

But he was already letting his imagination run wild. Wanted to know if Conrad’s studio had a big enough shower room, wanted to know if they’d accidentally bump while showering, wanted to know if this secret would bring their relationship a step closer.

The sky was completely dark. Adam took Conrad’s hand.

“Let’s go.” He said, “To your room. Shower.”

Conrad didn’t speak, just gripped back very tight very tight. The pace carried a bit of urgency.

When the two slipped into the hallway, it was already nine forty. The elevator was broken, climbing the stairs the fabric rubbing sound was sticky and loud, every step like reminding them: pants full of urine. Conrad walked in front, back straight as a rod, yet gripping the towel tight, like psyching himself up. Adam lagged half a step, gaze sticking to that waist dimple tensed from climbing, ear roots heating up again.

As soon as the door closed, the warm yellow floor lamp lit up, Conrad’s whole person like bones drawn out, soft on the entryway carpet.

“…I shower first?” His voice was hoarsely severe, tail end trembling.

Adam nodded, throat dry: “I’ll wait for you.”

Really back to a space with just the two of them, Conrad’s embarrassment made his scalp tingle, even forgot to close the door. He first peeled off his top, exposing the back muscles and waist dimples trained from years of playing ball.

Then the pants. The white Nike shorts soaked through almost transparent, sticking to the thighs like a second skin. Conrad gritted his teeth pulling down, when the fabric flipped over the buttocks it made a “pop” light sound, carrying the wet shame exploding instantly. He suddenly realized, hurriedly turned back, with a slap pushed the door closed.

So cute it exploded!!

Adam stood behind him, looking at that spine slightly undulating from tension, suddenly felt mouth dry tongue parched.

He sat on the sofa waiting, listening to the water sound, thinking if they got more familiar, could they together.

And Adam knew, from today on, that secret hidden deepest in his heart, was no longer just a secret.

It had a response. Had possibility.

*003*2025-11-22 15:02

Yeah, I did some part to compare the difference between some situations in Europe and America.

I know I am not a European or American. But it just like some story part in call me by your name and red white and royal blue.

And I would like to say I definitely want 2 have nationality of German or nationality of America. Both of them are better countries than China. China sucks especially you are in high school there. Hell.

I wish you enjoy:) sorry for the cultural difference

