Karma (A Sabrina The Animated Series Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-06-29 22:42

A/N: Yo what up, another commission

There was a substitute teacher at school, and all day, Sabrina was dreading that class. She had heard plenty of rumors about how strict they were and she was terrified of what sorts of torment she would face in that class. It got to the point where she was barely able to focus on anything, and when it was nearly the end of the day, she realized that she hadn't remembered to go to the bathroom all day. She definitely needed to pee, and decided to go to the bathroom in between classes so she wouldn't have to worry about trying to get a hall pass.

The only problem was, when she got into the bathroom, Gem was just finishing washing her hands, and when she saw Sabrina, she gave her a wicked grin, closing in on her. Before Sabrina knew what was happening, she was cornered, and she tried to get around Gem, saying that she needed to use the bathroom before their break was over.

“Yeah, that'd probably be a good idea,” said Gem. “I heard this substitute won't let anyone leave the classroom for any reason. There was a girl second period who almost peed her pants, you know? Yup, I'd be real careful about that if I were you.”

Despite her words, her tone was mischievous and she did not budge, not letting Sabrina get around her until she suddenly looked up at the clock and said, “Oh no, would you look at the time? If I don't hurry, I'm going to be late to class!” With that, she was gone, but when Sabrina looked at the clock, she saw that Gem was right; she didn't have time for anything if she wanted to make it to class on time.

For a moment, she debated being late, but she knew for sure that she would get in trouble if she did that, but if she tried her hardest, she was sure that she would be able to hold it until class was over, even if it was a close call. She had to sprint to make to class on time, but she settled into her desk just before the bell rang, and breathed a little sigh of relief. Now all she had to do was make it through the next hour, and there wouldn't be any problem.

However, that was a lot easier said that done, she realized. Her need was a lot worse than she had thought, and she didn't realize that until she was already settled into her desk. Her bladder was a lot more full than she was used to, but it was too late to do anything about that now. She was too scared to even try to ask to go to the bathroom, and it was much too late to leave, considering the bell had already rung. She was stuck like this, and she was just going to have to make do.

It was going to be a long hour, and she tried to pay attention as the substitute introduced herself. She did seem fairly strict, and everyone in the classroom seemed equally terrified of her, since the rumors had spread throughout the whole school. Sabrina was sure that being nervous wasn't making the situation in her bladder much better, but she wasn't sure how to calm herself down as class went on, and all she could do was try to ignore how badly she needed to pee.

The lesson began and she did everything she could to tune out her own feelings and focus solely on what was being said to the class, but it was just so hard. She couldn't go without splitting her attention, because her bladder demanded too much of it, and it got to the point that she was afraid that if she didn't concentrate at least a little bit on it, she would lose control. Any efforts to ignore her need would likely be disastrous for her, and so it soon became impossible for her to pay attention to the lesson.

She only hoped that the substitute didn't notice that she was distracted, because she knew that she could not handle the added stress of whatever punishment she would be made to face as a result. Time drug on, and her situation only grew worse with each passing moment, her overfull bladder aching for relief and the clock seeming to go slower than usual. Sabrina almost groaned quietly, but caught herself, definitely not wanting to get into trouble for making any sort of noise.

This was torture, plain and simple. She didn't know why she hadn't realized how badly she needed to pee earlier in the day, why she hadn't gone before, why she hadn't been more aggressive with Gem so she wouldn't be stuck like this, but here she was. If only she had done something, anything, differently, then maybe she wouldn't be trapped in this impossible situation, but there was nothing she could do now but wait it out, no matter what.

And she would have to wait it out; there was no way she would be able to handle the humiliation of not making it. She couldn't imagine how horrible it would be if she had to wet herself in front of everyone, and she redoubled her efforts, crossing her legs underneath her desk. Just a little bit longer to wait...all she had to do was make it until the end of the class! She could do it, if she really tried.

Or, at least, she hoped she could, but even as she regained some of her confidence, it wasn't long before it faltered again. Sharp pangs assaulted her bladder every few minutes until she couldn't even sit still, and if she made it, it would be one of the closest calls of her life. She had to resist the urge to stare at the clock, both because she still needed to pretend to pay attention and because she was sure that seeing how slowly time was moving would only make her situation worse.

Sabrina did steal one quick glance just to see how much time had passed, and almost cried when she saw that she still had to survive another thirty minutes. It had only been a half hour, but it had felt like four times as much! She wasn't sure how much longer her bladder could endure, with time moving so slowly, but when she thought about the humiliation she would face if she didn't make it, she redoubled her efforts, clenching her muscles and squeezing her thighs together, holding back as if her very life depended on it- and she was sure that her social life did, at the very least!

For the next ten minutes, her efforts really did seem to help, and her hope that she would make it returned to her, but it was after those ten minutes were over that she began to panic again. There was still twenty minutes left of the day, and her bladder had begun to constantly ache again. Her legs were shaking, and it once again began to feel like she was going to lose control at any moment. Her bladder hurt so much that she couldn't stand it, and her eyes were watering from both panic and concentration.

Those next ten minutes were tense, and she was shaking so much she was sure that somebody would notice her efforts not to wet herself in the middle of class, but if anyone did, they didn't do anything to indicate it. Of course, she was so distracted by her own needs by now that she wouldn't be surprised if she had managed to completely block everyone out so much that she didn't hear someone laughing at her.

Finally, there was only ten minutes left in class, but she was so desperate at this point that even that seemed like it could be too long for her. Each minute that passed felt like an hour, and she leaked for the first time with eight minutes left on the clock. Quieting herself when she let out a small whimper, Sabrina didn't know what she was going to do. It wasn't enough to show outside of clothes, but it had dampened her panties considerably and it was a sign that her control was really slipping. Any minute now, there could be a leak she wouldn't be able to stop, and time was not moving any faster for her.

At five minutes to the bell, she felt another leak, this one much bigger than the last and almost impossible to stop. She knew that there would be a dark patch on her clothes, and that she would have to be very careful if she were going to keep anyone from noticing it, but that wouldn't matter if she ended up losing control before class was over. Each of those last five minutes took an eternity to pass, and she found herself counting down while she waited.

But then, at long last, the hour was up and the bell rang, and Sabrina was free to go to the bathroom. She breathed a sigh of relief, but when she tried to stand up, she realized that she was celebrating a bit prematurely. Any sort of movement jostled her bladder so much that she wasn't sure if she would be able to do anything without losing control, and it hit her that, even though she had made it to the end of class, she was not going to make it to the bathroom.

Whimpering, she tried again to stand, but her legs shook as she did, and she wasn't sure if she would be able to take a single step. Her first attempt alone was too much strain on her bladder, and it was with a soft cry of defeat that she lost control completely and began to wet herself, all while most of her class was still in the room. They all got a good view as the dark patch on her clothes spread out and as a puddle began to form on the floor, the splatter of liquid hitting the floor very loud as they all fell silent.

This went on for a long time, and it felt like even longer to Sabrina, as if her humiliation had caused everything to go into slow motion. By the time her bladder was completely empty, there were tears streaming down her face, and everyone was staring at her while she was frozen in place. A few people began to giggle, and that snapped her out of; grabbing her backpack, she ran from the room, ready to go home and get cleaned up and hide from this the best she could.

But it was as she was running out of the room that she heard the substitute say, in an almost sympathetic voice, “I wish she'd just let me know she needed to use the bathroom...”

~X~

Alone in her room, Sabrina still could not believe that that had happened to her in front of so many people! She was more humiliated than she had ever been in her life, and there was nothing she could do to change that. She looked everywhere for some sort of spell to make everyone forget it, but there were none that she was capable of. She was stuck having everyone remember that she had wet herself, and she didn't know how she would be able to return to school now.

But the most frustrating part about all of this was knowing that it was all Gem's fault. Gem had been the one to stop her from going to the bathroom before class, and it was Gem who had told her that the teacher wouldn't let her go to the bathroom, only for Sabrina to find out that that was a lie. Maybe she couldn't repair her own reputation, but there might be a spell to help her tarnish Gem's a little bit in revenge!

~X~

The next day at school, Gem was delighted to hear all of the stories about what had happened to Sabrina as a result of her little games. She was disappointed that she hadn't been able to be there to see it, but just hearing about it was enough to make her day, and she doubted Sabrina would be making a comeback from that little humiliation any time soon.

When she realized that she needed to pee, she decided to go to the bathroom right before lunch, but when she tried to, something strange happened. Even though she felt like she needed to pee, nothing came out, no matter how she tried. She wondered if there was something wrong with her, if she were sick or something, but she didn't want to waste much time on this if she didn't really have to go. She would just have to try again later, and she decided to ignore the urges for the time being.

But once lunch was over, she had to go even worse than before, and still she could not get anything to come out when she went to the bathroom. Something really weird had to be going on, but she had no idea what it was, but since she had to go to her afternoon classes, there was really nothing she could do about it for the time being. All she could do was sit patiently, ignoring the throbbing in her bladder even as it grew worse, and when each class ended, she would attempt to relieve herself with the same lack of success.

Gem groaned to herself as she settled into her desk for her last class of the day. She could not remember having to pee this badly in her life, but she had once again been unsuccessful in actually doing it. Her bladder ached for relief, but she had been unable to give it that, no matter how badly she wanted- and needed- to. Shifting in her seat, she hoped that the discomfort wouldn't get any worse, but it was not long before she realized that she hoped in vain.

Gem crossed her legs under desk, squirming and squeezing her thighs together as she struggled to pay attention. She had to pee so badly now that she would have been surprised if she were unable to, but she wasn't able to go to the bathroom and find out. Biting down on her lip, she wondered if this were some sort of karma, not that she believed in that sort of thing.

But it did seem like a strange coincidence that this would happen the exact day after she had caused Sabrina to wet herself, and she had to stop her thoughts there because there was no way she was going to wet herself like Sabrina had. No matter what happened, she wasn't going to let that happen, and she squirmed, hoping that her own resolve would be enough to carry her to the end of class.

Another sharp pang from her bladder caused her to quietly whimper, and she hoped that nobody noticed her struggle. If she could be more subtle about it, she would, but she didn't think she could afford to try to hold still when she was reaching such a critical point. Her resolve was just as strong as ever but her body was protesting, insisting that she give up and give in to the relief that waited for her. She hadn't been to the bathroom once since school had started, and never had she been made to hold it for this long, never had she felt the need get this bad.

Class was only halfway over when she leaked for the first time, and she gasped so audibly that a few people actually gave her inquisitive looks that she did her best to brush off. Things were bad enough without people staring at her, and she would do whatever she could to make it out of this with her dignity in tact. Anything to preserve her reputation, anything to keep herself from meeting the same humiliation that Sabrina had been faced with!

Her panties were damp, but she was determined to keep any further leaks from escaping and she squeezed her thighs tighter together. She was so frustrated, being able to leak now when she hadn't been able to go at all when she had actually tried to, and she wished that that problem would return. Instead, she only found that her best efforts were not good enough, and she leaked again, dampening her panties even more.

She felt as if she could cry, but that would only draw more attention to her. She didn't know what else to do and felt completely helpless as she sat there, squirming at her desk, fighting against a battle that she could not win. There was too much time left in class, and she was already at the end of her rope. It only took a few more minutes for another leak, and then another, until she couldn't stop one, and it dawned on her that she had lost; she was actually wetting herself in the middle of class.

Gem didn't know what to do, and just sat there, her face burning in humiliation. The classroom was so quiet that when the liquid spilled over off of her seat and began to hit the floor, everyone heard it, and soon all eyes were on her. She could hear snickering as she flooded her panties and created a large puddle beneath her desk, emptying everything that had been in her bladder that day.

She was so humiliated that she could hardly stand it, and she couldn't believe that this had actually happened to her. Standing up, she ran from the classroom without another thought, trying to get away from her laughing classmates. Now, everyone would make fun of her as much as they had Sabrina, and maybe even more! Had it really been karma that had caused this to happen to her?

Whatever the case, she was more humiliated than she had ever been, and she still couldn't explain what had happened to her to make her unable to go until it was inconvenient for her. If it was bad karma, she wondered if that meant she needed to be nicer to Sabrina, but she wasn't sure if she even knew how.

