Legend of Zelda MM: The hydro-mask

Author: Zuzu47

*000*2017-10-05 21:29

YAY! My first omofic!

WARNING: this is a fic with young link, meaning under-aged!-

This idea came from a comment on a picture I drew that actually matches this fic, so if you want to check that out:

The "link" (get it?) is right here -->

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/25234-1504169751349-1730673708jpg/?do=embed"

Link only had to finish the last temple that lies in the Ikana canyon, but before he did that he collected a few masks: the Garo’s mask, the captain’s hat and the Hydro-mask.

The hero was very determined to complete the Stone tower temple because he was getting really tired.

Due to being on a time limit, Link didn’t exactly had a decent rest. Luckily for him he got the Hydro-mask. Not only did this mask keep him hydrated, it also gives him a little more energy.

Before Link entered the temple he decided to take a leak so he didn’t have to go during the temple. Finally, he was ready.

The first part of the temple went pretty smooth. Some puzzles, enemies, switches…

And then the mini-boss! The Garo master jumped down in front of Link, holding two swords ready for attack.

An intense sword-on-sword battle commenced in the room. Loud noises of the blades of the swords clanging together echoed through the temple and Link was beginning to feel some pressure in his lower abdomen.

He decided to ignore it. After all the masked-hero had the upper-hand in this battle. After a few more minutes of fighting, Link came victorious and was rewarded with the light arrows. The boy knew exactly what to do with them.

Getting out of the temple Link took out his new “toy” and shot the ruby on the entrance with it. Then suddenly the entire temple, no it seems the entire world flipped upside down. Before Link even realized he was standing upside-down, he fell down and yet short after he awoke in front of the now flipped temple.

When he stood up he was hit by a wave of pain in his bladder but managed to still remain control. How did it get this full?! Link was now more motivated to finish this temple quickly or else he might lose it.

Tatl noticed link’s weird pose when he stood up and realized the situation he was in. But why did he have to go? He went before the temple and didn’t drink anything in the meantime. He didn’t need to cause of his……..mask.

The fairy finally found out the little side-effect of this mask: it filled up his bladder.

But what would be the fun in telling Link? This could actually be pretty amusing. Plus Tatl was curious if he could last the rest of the dungeon. So she decided to keep this her little secret (for now).

As link made his way through the temple, he was getting more and more desperate. The most difficult part was when he had to flip the temple again and now he was in a room with a puzzle that needed a lot of flipping. Link didn’t really like that.

‘Oh, for the love of …’

The boy readied himself and when the arrow was shot the temple flipped yet again. As link fell to the ground again, he had to grab himself to hold it. Only a small spurt escaped. The boy pushed some blocks until they were in the right position.

The hero had to yet again flip the room.

‘Please no.’

Same thing happened and again Link’s hands where jammed in his crotch, but this time he sat there for quite some time fidgeting, trying to gain control. His underwear was getting wet with all his leaks.

‘No, no, no, no, no! I’m the hero. I can’t have an accident!’

After squirming a bit, Link managed to stop the leaks and stand up. He wasn’t really sure if he was going to make it through this temple dry.

“C’mon Link you can do this! Only a little longer.”

The encouraging words of his companion helped him keep going. Still fighting enemies was a lot harder now and he couldn’t really concentrate on the puzzles.

Alas! The hero has found the boss key! Victory was just within reach. He only needed to reach the boss door.

‘Just….reach…the…door….’

The door’s in sight.

Step….step….step….step…..

‘Just a bit closer.’

Step……..step……….step…………

‘Almost there’

Step... step....

‘I’m almost there’

Drip…….drip…..drip...drip..drip

The fairy has already reached the door, but didn’t realize the hero was lacking behind.

Then she heard a soft hiss behind her. She turned around to see her companion silently sobbing while he helplessly tried to stop the flow.

He didn’t move. He couldn’t move.

His hands were jammed in his crotch while the bottom of his tunic was turning a darker shade of green. The warm liquid streamed down his legs and created a puddle underneath him.

After what seemed like forever, the stream came to a halt. Link stood there, completely still in the same position as before. The boy kept silently sobbing to himself and he could feel the heat in his cheeks coloring it a dark shade of red.

Tatl flew towards the speechless boy and tried to console him

‘It’s okay Link. There was nothing you could do.’

He didn’t look up.

‘Besides, I think I know the reason to this..um..accident’

That caught his attention

‘I think it’s due to a side-effect of that mask you’re wearing. It causes your bladder to fill up.’

Link took the mask of to take a better look at it.

‘I wish I found out sooner. Maybe then we could have avoided it.’

The fairy knew she was lying, but of course she was not going to say that she tested him.

Besides the boy seemed to be smiling at her.

‘It’s okay. You didn’t know either.’

Link felt a bit better and was ready to leave this all behind him. And so they both went to the last boss, the last giant and the last giants mask.

*001*2017-10-07 20:27

{{On 5-10-2017 at 11:29 PM, Zuzu47 said:

This idea came from a comment on a picture I drew

}}

I wanna thank this person again for this awesome idea :-)

