Commissions Open Again

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-01-24 16:17

Hello, all, I tried to find my old thread to bump again, but I have been struggling, so I will just start fresh.

I write omorashi fanfiction (among other types), as well as original fiction, and am trying to get back in the swing of writing as work slows down in the off season.

For now, I'm opening five slots, and will reopen them as fics get finished.

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xbV3B0oL9PdLxz72qsWuYQ-g12ynnCyFt1dCPLP5wq8/edit?usp=drivesdk

For my info, check the link!

Slots:

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

*001*2019-02-05 16:06

Bumping, in the process of changing jobs so every little bit helps.

Updated slots:

1. Lettuce Tokyo Mew Mew fic

2.

3.

4.

5.

*002*2019-02-07 18:50

Okay, so to avoid making a post every time my slots update, here is a Google doc with my slots!

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u4Z_Zy4J2Rz1xr56qqQYrQTDR-o6zIPEkeffmoFf-fs/edit?usp=drivesdk

*003*2019-02-20 01:01

$/48932-sparring-a-fire-emblem-fates-fanfiction/?do=embed"

Bumping with a fresh commission I finished! I'm in between jobs, what else is fuckin new, and so yeah, I'm out here

*004*2019-02-24 13:20

I'm doing a handful of requests (more like suggestions) right now, so please check the request thread if that sounds up your alley!

*005*2019-03-11 23:14

I'm going to be reducing my number of slots to three, and setting the wait time for 1k words to two weeks from the start date, and for 3k words, one month from the start date. The start date will be no later than one week after payment is received. For drabbles, I would say probably around a week, for anything more than 3k words, it varies based on negotiations.

The reason for all of this is I am starting at my new job soon, so I will have less time to write, and I don't want to take on too many at once or try to get them done at a faster pace than I can manage and end up burnt out. Thank you!

*006*2019-03-20 23:46

Well, as it turns out, after interviewing and being offered the job two weeks ago, I still haven't heard from my boss? So it looks like I might be back on the job hunt, which means that I am opening the other two slots back up for now.

*007*2019-03-29 01:13

I got offered three jobs in the past couple days, so I'm gonna dial back the slots again, back down to three. I've also started a patreon, which has some tiers that are the equivalent of a commission. I'll link that thread here, but yeah! Three slots open right now, I might take them down more depending on work/how the patreon goes.

$/49550-zapps-fiction-patreoncommissions/

*008*2019-04-10 03:02

Just because my hours havent quite picked up yet and I really need to build some savings before the end of the month, all slots can be disregarded for now. I'm open for any amount, trying to meet a goal, so if you've ever considered commissioning me before, if you're an old regular, your business is greatly appreciated!

*009*2019-04-22 20:04

I will be tentatively adding diaper wetting to my list of things I'm willing to write, ageplay included, though I still will not do anything involving messing/scat.

My no-slots special runs until the end of May, so until then, I have unlimited slots. After that I will return to either three of five, depending on my workload.

*010*2019-06-24 00:14

We back out here, with three slots open!

