Everyone`s hero (A Genshin Impact Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-10-09 14:24

A/N: Written for Kinktober Day 9: Humiliation, this one of those mean spirited public humiliation fics because yeah.

Today has gone on for too long. Lumine can say that with absolute certainty, and though she is willing to do whatever she needs to for the people of Mondstadt under normal circumstances, there comes a point when hours and hours of uninterrupted work becomes too much for her. She gets tired of being everyone’s hero, even when she loves it, because she has her limits. True, she does not grow so tired that she can’t handle it, at least not often, but there is more to it than that.

Lumine has had to pee for hours, and if she does not take a break soon, she is certain that she is going to lose her mind, the pain more than she can handle at this point. She is so full that she is sure, if she were to take her dress off now, that she would be bulging slightly, her bladder pushed far beyond what it is meant to contain. But all of that is going to come to an end soon, just as long as she is able to make it to a bathroom.

Not “as long as,” but when she is able to make it to a bathroom. She refuses to let herself consider the possibility that she might not make it, even if it is getting harder to keep her composure as she walks. Lumine has her fists clenched at her sides, making sure that she does not walk so quickly that she leaks- anymore than she already has, but she is also trying not to think about that- but still quickly enough to make progress.

Is her stiff walk enough to get attention? She certainly hopes not, but at the same time, it’s very hard for her to avoid such attention just by being out and about. That’s what got her into this mess in the first place; people always find her, and are never shy about asking her for help. For the most part, she’s glad to have that sort of reputation, but right now, she would rather be anywhere but here.

How many hours has it been? It’s late afternoon, perhaps early evening, and the last time she relieved herself was early in the morning. She is not sure when the need first began to make itself known, but it was definitely a few hours ago at least. Though she has not let herself count how many times she has leaked, she already knows that her panties are damp, and can imagine just how sizable the wet spot on them must be. Each step she takes gets her closer to her relief, but it also pushes her closer to losing control, and brings her further into the center of town, where anyone might be able to figure out what’s wrong with her.

From time to time, she has to stop, just to squeeze her thighs together, toes curling in her shoes. She stares at the ground, clenching her fists tighter, refusing to look up and see if anyone is staring at her. If she lets herself get carried away, she is certain she can hear some hushed whispers, but she can’t think about that now either. She can only think about moving forward, and tells herself that it does not matter if a few people can tell that she needs to pee now, just as long as that is as far as it goes.

Not much further now, but every step gets her a bigger audience, once she is able to move forward again. Things are really bustling right now, and the city is crowded, just like it always is, and Lumine has had to pee for hours and hours, and really can’t take another second of this. Her bladder has never been so full in all her life, the ache enough to make her want to cry. What she wouldn’t give to just be able to let it all out already…

As if tempted by her thoughts, another leak slips out, and she blinks back tears. The leaks are getting stronger now, soaking into her bloomers, her panties already past saving. Another powerful spurt sees a thin dribble of piss running down the inside of her thigh, possibly visible to someone close enough. She’s basically already pissing herself, just barely stopping it every time it starts up again, but any of the nearest bathrooms are still so faraway, and she…

She isn’t going to make it.

Lumine tries to the very end, fighting her aching bladder, but she can’t do it anymore. Even knowing that, she still keeps up her futile fight, jamming a hand between her legs, as if holding herself like a little girl is going to help with anything other than getting her even more attention. She doesn’t have to look to be able to feel the eyes on her, and her hand quickly grows damp as she tries to hold back leak after leak.

She keeps her hand clamped tight over her pussy, for all the good it does, hiking her skirt up so much in the process that she can tell she’s being leered at by a few. Now, she can hear the whispers as people catch onto what is happening with her, some voices sounding more sympathetic than others. There is muffled laughter, and one voice cuts in a bit louder, a child pointing out what’s happening, too young and oblivious to go at this with any sort of tact.

“Look, she’s gonna pee!”

It’s been hours and she has pushed her bladder beyond her natural limits. The bathroom is still too far away, and though she is in the center of town, though all eyes are on her, though she has spent all day being everyone’s hero, she can’t hold it anymore. She is forced to stop as another spurt escapes her, but then, she isn’t just leaking anymore.

It all comes gushing out of her, soaking her hand so quickly she can't move it away in time. By the time she thinks to move it, it’s already soaked, and she realizes her skirt is going to fall and get wet as well. Lumine is far past the point of thinking rationally, panicking as she holds her skirt up. Everyone can see the way her knees knock together and her bloomers continue to darken, as her piss just pours out of her.

There's whispers of sympathy and there's leering. The child who pointed her out before asks their mom why she didn't know better. There is muffled laughter from several directions, as a puddle grows at her feet, and as Lumine’s face burns with humiliation like she has never felt before.

She worked hard all day, pushing her bladder to the breaking point. She was everyone's hero; now she's just the poor, pathetic girl who can't hold her piss.

When she is finally empty, her bladder still aching from how much she had to hold, the relief so great and the humiliation even greater, she doesn’t know what else to do but start walking again. If she listens, she can still hear people whispering amongst themselves about what she has done, and she knows she will likely never live this down. All she can do is keep walking, to move out of the public eye so she can go clean up.

She doesn't want her skirt to get wet so she keeps it hiked up as she walks back, letting everyone she passes see her pee soaked bloomers, letting everyone see her "little accident". Word was going to spread either way, so she no longer sees any point in trying to preserve her dignity.

By the time she's back, her piss has gone cold, but her panties are all warm and sticky as she peels them off. She doesn't know what the hell is wrong with her, that she barely has to touch herself at all, and yet has never come so hard in all her life.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

