Mass wetting in lumiose (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-26 14:46

A/N: Another commission feautring characters suddenly and uncontrollably peeing and not being able to stop

Team MZ is in the lobby when it happens, whatever "it" is. None of them are able to explain it, but, at the same time, they all find themselves in such a strange situation that makes it so difficult to think, that there is not much room to dwell on it anyway. All any of them know is that, all at once, each and every one of them is struck with the sudden, desperate need to pee. The urge is almost instant, like someone has flipped a switch inside of them, sending their bladders from perfectly content to throbbing, screamingly full.

Harmony is the first to notice the pressure building low in her abdomen, a sharp, insistent pang that makes her gasp softly and press a hand between her legs on instinct. She's sitting in one of the armchairs scattered around the lobby, and now she shifts her weight, her brow furrowed in confusion. She'd just gone not an hour ago. This makes no sense. The urge is almost instant, like someone has flipped a switch inside of them, sending their bladders from perfectly content to throbbing, screamingly full.

Harmony is the first to notice the pressure building low in her abdomen, a sharp, insistent pang that makes her gasp softly and press a hand between her legs on instinct. She's sitting in one of the armchairs scattered around the lobby, and now she shifts her weight, her brow furrowed in confusion. She'd just gone not an hour ago. This makes no sense.

Across from her, Urbain straightens up from where he was leaning against the reception desk. His hand flies to his lower stomach, a subtle but firm press. The conversation dies on his lips, a strained expression replacing his easygoing smile. He clears his throat, trying to regain his composure, but the words stick in his throat. Every muscle in his body tenses, fighting against the sudden, overwhelming urge.

Lida, who has been scrolling through her phone nearby, abruptly locks the screen and shoves it into her pocket. Her legs, once casually crossed, now clamp together tightly. She bites her lower lip, her gaze darting towards the hallway that leads to the restrooms. The distance seems impossibly far, a treacherous journey across the floors. A bead of sweat trickles down her temple as the urgent need grows. It is more than an inconvenience now; it is a crisis.

Naveen is pacing near the entrance, restless as ever, when the wave hits him. He stumbles mid step, his hand flying to the wall to steady himself. A quiet groan escapes his lips as he doubles over slightly, a look of raw desperation on his face. He bounces on the balls of his feet, a frantic dance of agony as he tries to quell the rising tide. He mutters under his breath, a string of curses that do nothing to alleviate the crushing pressure in his bladder.

Korrina does try to hide the need as it overtakes her, not wanting to show signs of the sudden desperatioon. But her hands, usually relaxed at her sides, are now clenched into tight fists, her knuckles white. Her jaw is set, her breathing shallow and controlled. She stares out at the skyline, but her focus is entirely internal, a battle of willpower against her own body's sudden, violent betrayal. She presses her thighs together, a subtle movement that speaks volumes of the storm raging within her.

Ansha, perched on the edge of a sofa, merely looks uncomfortable, shifting her weight slightly, but the others are too absorbed in their own personal agony to pay her much mind. The lobby, once a space of relaxed camaraderie, is now filled with a silent, shared suffering.

The seconds stretch into an eternity, each one a test of their endurance. The pressure in Harmony's bladder builds to an unbearable crescendo. She can feel her control slipping, a threadbare rope fraying under an impossible strain. She squeezes her thighs together, her knuckles white where she grips the arm of the chair. A tiny whimper escapes her lips, a sound of pure desperation. She knows she can't hold it, she knows it's over.

Then, it happens. A small, warm trickle escapes her, a single tear of shame and relief. But the relief is fleeting, immediately replaced by a new, more intense pressure. It's as if the small leak has uncorked a dam, and now the flood is unstoppable. The trickle becomes a stream, then a torrent. Her body tenses, then relaxes in a surrender she never wanted to make. She feels the warmth spreading through her clothes, a shocking, humiliating wetness that soaks through her pants and into the plush fabric of the armchair. The sound of it is a soft, hissing whisper in the tense silence, a secret she can no longer keep.

But as the last drop should fall, something strange happens. The relief never comes. Instead, the pressure in her bladder intensifies, refilling with an unnatural speed. Her body, still trembling from the initial release, is wracked with another, more powerful wave of urgency. The stream, which should have ceased, continues with renewed vigor. A gasp of disbelief escapes her lips. Her bladder is refilling as fast as it's emptying, a cruel, impossible paradox. She is trapped in a cycle of unending relief and unending desperation, a prisoner of her own body. The warmth pools around her, a constant, growing reminder of her strange predicament. Her eyes widen in horror, but all she can do is surrender to the relentless flow, her body no longer her own to command.

A choked gasp from across the lobby draws everyone's attention. It's Urbain. His face is a mask of disbelief and agony. He's leaning heavily against the reception desk, his legs trembling. The telltale dark patch is spreading rapidly down the front of his sweats, a stark, wet stain that spreads rapidly. He's trying to stop it, trying to clench every muscle in his body, but it's no use. The stream is relentless, a force of nature he can't hope to contain. He grits his teeth, a low groan rumbling in his chest, as the impossible refilling begins. He looks down at himself in horror, at the ever growing puddle at his feet, a testament to the strange, unending phenomenon that has them all in its grip.

Lida is next. A sob of despair escapes her lips as she loses her fight. She's on her feet, but she stumbles, her legs giving out from under her as the warmth floods her jeans. She sinks to her knees, her head bowed in shame as the stream gushes forth. But like Harmony and Urbain before her, the relief is stolen, replaced by a renewed, more urgent pressure. She's crying now, silent tears tracking down her cheeks as she's forced to endure the unending release. The dark wetness spreads across the expensive lobby floor, a river of her own making that she can't stop.

Naveen, seeing the others fall, seems to lose his last shred of hope. He gives a strangled cry, a mixture of frustration and surrender, as the dam breaks within him. He slumps against the wall, sliding down to the floor as the warmth soaks through his trousers. He stares at the ceiling, a look of pure disbelief on his face, as the strange power forces his bladder to refill again and again.

While the teammates are dealing with this, Korrina has been attempting to comfort Ansha. The youngest of them lost control around the same time as Harmony, and Korrina was quick to try and make her feel better. However, Ansha could not stop, and, not long after, Korrina had begun to wet herself as well. Now, Korrina is struggling to comfort Ansha at all, when she is dealing with the same thing. Her face is a mask of determined calm, but her body is betraying her. She tries to stay strong for the younger girl, but the relentless flow is a constant, humbling reminder of her own vulnerability.

"Harmony, what's going on?" Lida asks, the first to actually speak up about this.

"What? How should I know?" Harmony says, not wanting to admit her own confusion, her mind racing to find a logical explanation for this bizarre, humiliating ordeal. "Maybe it's a psychic type?"

"That would make sense," Lida says, trying to cling to a rational explanation, even as the warmth continues to spread through her clothes, a constant, undeniable presence. "A psychic type playing a prank on us? But why would it do this? It's so specific."

Naveen, still slumped against the wall, manages a weak shrug. "Maybe it's just got a weird sense of humor," he mutters, a bitter, humorless laugh escaping his lips. "A really, really weird sense of humor."

"We have to find it," Urbain says, his voice strained but firm. He pushes himself away from the reception desk, his movements awkward and clumsy as he tries to navigate the spreading wetness. "Whatever it is, we have to make it stop." He scans the lobby, his eyes narrowed in concentration, searching for any sign of the unseen tormentor.

"How?" Lida asks, her voice trembling. "We can't exactly move around like this."

"We have to try," Korrina says, her voice a low, determined murmur. She's still trying to shield Ansha, but her own discomfort is evident in the tight set of her jaw. "We can't just let it... continue." She looks over at Harmony, her eyes pleading for a solution, for a way out of this impossible situation.

Harmony, her mind working furiously, tries to think of a plan. The gush of urine is a constant, distracting presence, a steady stream that she can't control. She forces herself to focus, to push past the humiliation and the discomfort, but it’s no use. The strange power that has them in its grip is too strong, too overwhelming. She feels helpless, a puppet on invisible strings, her body no longer her own.

Naveen’s head thumps back against the wall, the cool plaster a fleeting comfort against the feverish skin of his scalp. He’s a bundle of frayed nerves, every muscle clenched in a losing battle. The constant, humiliating flow from his body is a background noise he can’t escape, a steady, warm betrayal that pools around him, seeping into the carpet. He squeezes his eyes shut, trying to block out the sight of the others, the shared misery that hangs in the air like a suffocating fog. He needs a distraction, anything to pull him out of this nightmare, this endless loop of pressure and release.

His phone. It’s in his pocket. He needs something familiar, something utterly disconnected from the surreal horror of the lobby. Canari should be live right now. Her streams are usually a whirlwind of energy and loud commentary, a chaotic comfort that might, just might, be able to drown out the wet nightmare. His hands tremble as he fishes the device from his pocket, his fingers fumbling with the slick screen.

He opens the streaming app, his heart hammering against his ribs with a strange, desperate hope. He taps on her profile, the bright, cheerful icon a jarring splash of color against the drab reality of the room. The stream loads. The video buffer wheel spins for a moment, a tiny circle of promise. Then, the image resolves.

It’s not what he expects.

Canari’s face fills the screen, but it’s a face he’s never seen before. Her usual vibrant energy is gone, replaced by a raw, panicked desperation. Her chat, which he can see scrolling rapidly on the side, is a chaotic storm of confusion and concern. But Naveen isn’t looking at the chat. His eyes are locked on her.

She’s slumped in her gaming chair, one hand clamped over her crotch, the other gripping the armrest so tightly her knuckles are white. She’s breathing in short, ragged gasps, her eyes wide and unfocused, staring at something off screen. There’s a sheen of sweat on her forehead, and her lower lip is caught between her teeth, a prisoner of her own body’s mutiny. She isn't speaking. There’s only the harsh, shallow sound of her breathing, and another, more subtle noise. A soft, persistent hiss.

Naveen’s blood runs cold. He tilts the phone, angling the speaker closer. He knows that sound. He’s been hearing its echoes from every corner of this lobby. Her movements are constrained, her legs pressed tightly together, a futile attempt to stem a tide that has already broken loose.

"Guys," she whispers, her voice a strained, trembling thread of sound. "I don't...I don't know what's happening." She winces, a deep, pained expression crossing her face. "It won't...stop." The last word is a choked sob. The hissing continues, a constant, unending stream. Just like him. Just like everyone in this room.

The phone feels impossibly heavy in Naveen’s hand. His earlier hope curdles into a thick, suffocating dread. This isn't a localized prank. This isn't a single psychic type with a twisted sense of humor in their hotel. This is bigger. Canari somewhere else in the city. And she's trapped in the exact same humiliating, impossible loop. The scale of it is staggering, a wave of existential horror that crashes over him, more chilling than the warmth spreading through his clothes.

He looks up from the screen, his gaze sweeping over the others. Harmony, lost in her own world of relentless release, her body limp in the soaked armchair. Urbain, pacing helplessly, creating a dark, wet trail on the floor. Lida, on her knees, her shoulders shaking as she tries to regain control. Korrina, trying to maintain a facade of control for Ansha, but her own distress is a palpable thing, a current of agony that runs through her tense frame.

He looks back down at the phone. Canari has given up trying to hide it. Her face is a mask of defeat, tears mingling with the sweat on her cheeks. The camera angle is slightly awkward, and he can see it now. The dark, wet patch on her pants, the stain already spread out, while more and more liquid continues to gush out of her.

"It's not just us," Naveen says, his voice flat, hollow. It cuts through the quiet sounds of their shared suffering.

Harmony’s head snaps up, her dazed eyes slowly focusing on him. "What?" Her voice is a weak murmur, a ghost of her usual confidence.

Naveen holds up the phone, the screen a small, glowing rectangle of proof in the dimly lit lobby. "Canari. She's live right now." He swallows, the lump in his throat making it difficult to speak. "She's... she's going through the same thing."

A heavy silence descends upon them, broken only by the soft, collective sounds of their unending peeing and Canari’s ragged breathing from the phone's speaker. They all stare at the screen, their individual miseries suddenly coalescing into a single, terrifying reality.

"This is insane!" Urbain cries.He stomps a foot, a gesture of frustration that only sends a fresh spurt running down his leg. "All over Lumiose? How is that even possible?"

Lida lets out a small, broken sound, a cross between a laugh and a sob. "Maybe the city is cursed," she whispers, her gaze unfocused, lost in the sheer absurdity of it all. "Maybe we're all cursed."

Lida’s world has shrunk to the size of her bladder. It’s no longer a part of her; it is the whole of her, a taut, throbbing universe pressing against her insides with an animalistic fury. The initial shock has given way to a grinding, endless agony, a pressure that builds not in waves but in a constant, climbing tide. Her entire body is a clenched fist, from the muscles in her thighs locked together so tightly they tremble, to the rigid set of her jaw. She tries to think of anything else but the thought is instantly crushed under the sheer, blinding force of the need.

Her light leggings have grown dark and sodden, as her bladder is refilling just as quickly as it can empty itself. The sensation of the fabric is something else entirely. It started with a horrifying warmth that bloomed across her hips and down her thighs, a shocking, intimate heat that made her gasp. Now, that initial warmth has cooled into a clammy, second skin. The fabric, once soft and stretchy, is heavy and wet, clinging to her legs with a sticky, suffocating embrace.

She can feel the waterlogged material pulling at her, a constant, weighty reminder of her predicament. Each fresh gush sends a new wave of warmth through the already soaked cloth, a fleeting pulse of heat that quickly dissipates back into the same clammy chill. It’s a grotesque cycle of comfort and disgust. The material doesn't absorb anymore; it simply channels the liquid down her legs, tracing pathways she can feel with excruciating clarity as the rivulets run down to her feet.

The lobby has become a tableau of shared, endless surrender. Harmony remains a fixture in her armchair, her body a limp vessel for the relentless flow, her gaze fixed on some distant point beyond the hotel walls. Naveen has let his phone slip from his grasp, the screen now dark, its connection to the wider horror severed as he succumbs entirely to his own. He sits slumped against the wall, a pool of his own making soaking into the carpet, his expression one of hollow disbelief. 

Across the room, Urbain has stopped his restless pacing, now standing motionless in the middle of a growing dark stain, a silent statue to their impossible predicament. Lida is still on her knees, her head bowed, her leggings a slick, dark second skin as she shivers, not from cold, but from the ceaseless, draining sensation. Even Korrina, with her unwavering resolve, has finally stilled, her back pressed against a sofa, her face pale as she endures the same unending cycle. There is no solution to be found, no psychic enemy to battle, only the quiet, persistent sound and the damning, unavoidable truth that their own bodies have turned against them, refilling and releasing in a perfect, agonizing loop with no end in sight.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

