Ballet (A Tokyo Mew Mew Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-11-19 18:30

A/N: This is the first part of a threeshot commission. The rest of the story is less omo-based and more sexual, so I won't be posting it here, but I will share the first chapter with you all.

Mint was no stranger to the spotlight. Having done ballet from a very young age, it was not at all unusual for her to be cast in the starring role as she grew, and at this point in her life, it was common. Still, she never got over the thrill of excitement she felt before every show, and she supposed that was why she still loved ballet so much after all these years.

But her latest performance had her even more excited than usual, because Zakuro was going to be in the audience. Mint had adored the older girl for so long, but it was rare for her to be able to come to shows, due to her own busy schedule. It was exciting to know that the woman of Mint's dreams would be out there, watching her do what she did best.

Her costume was difficult to get on and off and took up a lot of time, so she was sure to get ready as early as possible so that she could be the first to warm up. She wanted everything to go absolutely perfectly so that her idol would enjoy the show, and maybe even start to see Mint in a new light. It was most likely wishful thinking, but it was still a fantasy she could not help but entertain.

Before she knew it, she was onstage. It was dark and the curtains were closed and she got into her opening pose, ready to put her all into it. And then she felt a slight twinge in her bladder and realized that she had not visited a bathroom before she got into costume and felt very, very stupid for forgetting such an important step.

She decided that it was not too bad and that she could ignore it until the show was over, and resumed her dance. It was only slightly annoying, nothing she couldn't handle. She wished that she had remembered to go beforehand, of course, but she had been so intent on getting everything right that she had neglected it.

Though she started out confident that everything would work out alright for her, this confidence did not last long. As the first act drug on, her bladder ached more and more noticeably while she tried to maintain her composure. She did not let any of her desperation show in her dance, always remaining the perfect picture of poise, but she was starting to get nervous.

Soon enough, she was fighting off the urge to tremble, her bladder's protests ringing louder and louder. By the time intermission rolled around, she felt panicked, but she knew that it did not allow enough time for her to get in and out of her costume to take care of things. As tempting as it was, she would not ask them to extend the intermission by a few minutes and she would not risk missing the opening of the second act.

She was lucky, at least, that the second act was the last one. If it were a longer ballet, she would not be able to make it to end, but if she was lucky and used all her strength, there was a better chance of her making it to the end of this one. She spent the entirety of the intermission in her dressing room, crossing her legs and squirming and tapping her foot, trying to ease the pressure for the brief time she had.

Eventually, the time came for her to return to the stage, and she felt a strong pang in her bladder, as if it were warning her not to risk things. But no, she was better than that! She had to hold herself to a higher standard than most, and that meant she needed to be better as holding than the commoners. She was going to get through this without incident and everything would be okay. After all, Zakuro was watching!

For the first few minutes of the second act, she started to feel a little bit better, getting back in the swing of dancing, but that did not last long.

Ballet was never easy; with a full bladder, it would be nearly impossible for most people. Mint knew that she was better than most, but even so, she would not be able to keep this up much longer. But she had to, until the show was over, because she would not allow herself to mess up under normal circumstances, and with her idol in the audience, these were not normal circumstances.

It was more than just her pride driving her to do perfectly. She wanted Zakuro to be impressed with her performance and to see how mature and beautiful she could be, and if she wet herself on stage, that would absolutely never happen. And so the show went on while she fought against her most basic of needs, counting the steps left before she could end this dance and end this show.

Finally, finally, the last song was upon her and, with all her strength, she did what she could to press on, telling herself that if she could just ignore her bladder for a little bit longer, then she would be free to make a mad dash for the bathroom. She just had to get this last song perfect, and then everything would be okay.

She was proud to say that her poise never faltered, even as she felt herself grow close to losing control a few times. She did everything just as she was supposed to and landed her final pose with perfection, and had to hold back a sigh of relief as the audience began to applaud. She had done it! She had made it until the end of the show!

But then she felt it. A wet heat spreading between her legs, the unmistakable sensation of wetting herself, the telltale sign that she had not made it at all, and that she was most definitely losing control in front of everyone.

Still, she did not falter, holding the final pose until the audience stopped applauding, even as she felt her tights grown very wet. She hoped that they were dark enough and thick enough to disguise her accident, and she at least did not notice anyone pointing or laughing.

Finally, she could escape backstage, and she moved as quickly as possible before anyone could notice the trail that followed her as her bladder continued to empty. When she arrived at her dressing room, she had already finished, and was relieved to see that it was hardly visible on her tights. The only place where it was really noticeable was the crotch, but her tutu covered that. No mater how humiliating that had been, she was in the clear.

She sighed in relief, relaxing for a moment before she heard a knock on her door. “Come in,” she said, trying to keep the excitement out of her voice. She knew who it was, and though she wished she had had a chance to change, she knew Zakuro wouldn't be able to tell what had happened either way.

The older girl entered the room. “That was a fantastic show,” she said.

“Do you really think so?” Mint asked, and this time, she could not keep the excitement out of her voice, she was so pleased.

“Yes, I do, but that was quite the interesting ending. Is there any reason you wet yourself during the finale?”

*004*2015-11-19 20:09

{{: 

Ooh, this is really good! Where are you gonna post the rest of it?

}}

I'm actually not hosting it anywhere, just sending it to the person who purchased it. The story is going to end up having a lot of sexual content, including futanari, so....

