Omorashi Drabbles

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-11 01:12

A/N: For the most part, these will be triple drabbles (fics of exactly 300 words), but I have a few singles, doubles, quadruples, and quintuples, as well as some that aren't exact numbers but still short, so I'll post all that here. But this thread will include a lot of fandoms, potential sexual content, and a variety of omorashi situations. If you're interested in a fic of this length, check out my commission thread, as I often have slots for triple drabbles open! Each fic will include a warning of what it includes!

1. expedition- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Ferdinand x FShez, male wetting

Ferdinand shifts awkwardly where he sits, trying so hard not to think about the pressure in his bladder. He has no idea how he could end up in a situation like this, bursting to pee when he is out in the middle of nowhere, alone with Shez, with no chance of relieving himself unless he tells her that he needs to go. Already, the idea of relieving himself out here feels so undignified, not befitting a noble of his stature, but telling Shez about it, having someone else know what he’s doing would only make it that much worse for him, and he definitely doesn’t want to have to do that.

But how else is he going to make it through this without wetting himself?

Shez is completely oblivious to his predicament, still happily sipping the tea that he prepared, which he can no longer touch, not when he is this close to bursting. Even watching her drink makes his bladder throb, and he can’t sit still for long, not when she keeps tormenting him like this. Ferdinand can’t remember being so desperate in all his life, and it takes all that he has to keep tears from springing up in his eyes, with the strain of holding it. Is he going to have to admit his problem to her? He can’t imagine having enough time to make it all the way back when he is already in such bad shape, especially not with the way that his horse will jostle him.

All at once, he panics as he feels a spurt escape him, causing him to let out a sharp groan, hand darting to his lap. At the last second, he manages to stop himself from reflexively grabbing at his crotch, just as Shez looks at him, confusion and concern written on her face. Ferdinand bites his lip, trying to think of an explanation for his behavior even as she asks him what’s wrong, but he doesn’t have anything. His mind goes blank, his desperation making it impossible for him to think about anything other than wondering if the leak has left any noticeable wet spot on his pants. But he doesn’t dare look down, not wanting to call Shez’s attention to it if it has.

“Ferdinand?” When she calls his name, he realizes that he never answered her question to begin with, but when he opens his mouth, nothing comes out. He is too panicked to speak, and the more concerned she becomes, the more his face burns with embarrassment. What is he supposed to do now? Things have gone too far and he…

He can’t hold it. By the time he realizes it, it is already too late, and his panic grows, as does his utter humiliation, once he realizes that he is wetting himself. Right there, sitting with Shez, a dark spot is blooming on his pants, growing more and more, as his strained bladder empties, and the relief is so great that he almost feels good, until he takes in the look of pure shock on her face, as she finally processes what is happening to him.

2. in a rush- Pokemon Sword and Shield- Klara x Victor, female wetting

“Out of my way, out of my way,” Klara snaps, hissing a bit as she shoves her way past anyone blocking her right now. She is aware of just how ridiculous she must look, but at this point, she is very much aware of the fact that she could look a lot worse, and she is not in the mood to let something like that happen to her. It is one thing to be in this much of a frantic rush to get to the bathroom, but it is another thing entirely to be remember as the grown woman who wet herself because she could not get there in time.

It so figures that, once she decides to get serious about her training, that something like this might happen to her. She gets too distracted when she’s into it, and even loses track of time, which is how she has ended up in this predicament. By the time she realized that she had to pee, it was already getting pretty bad, and despite how fast she made it back to the dojo, it has only gotten worse, so much so that she is starting to doubt that she can make it. But of course she can, because she would never let something like that happen to her.

When she reaches the bathroom door, she is sure that this is the end of her battle, and that she is finally free. But just when she is about to open the door, someone else emerges, so quickly that neither of them have a chance to move out of the way. Victor bumps right into her, sending her back onto ass, where she immediately loses control and begins to piss herself.

The only reason that she’s able to make it out of this without her reputation completely ruined is the fact that she has a little something on Victor now too. The boner he pops after their little collision ensures his secrecy.

3. doubly beneficial- Genshin Impact- Ganyu x Aether, female desperation, piss drinking, mild sexual content

Ganyu is clearly agitated, in a way that is all too obvious to Aether. He has gotten good at reading her, and he knows exactly what she needs, whenever she needs it, just by studying the way that she is acting. So, while she might try and hide the fact that she has to pee from him, he can tell.

It makes sense, anyway. She is always so busy, and must have rushed to come be with him, since work made her run a bit late. Now, she is bursting and trying to keep her cool, looking for any chance to excuse herself, while a little nervous about doing so, just in case Aether is somehow upset with her for going off to the bathroom when she only just got there. As if he would ever care about something like that.

The only thing that he cares about, relating to her predicament, is how good she looks when she squirms. It could be fun to watch her struggle, but that’s a bit more sadistic than he feels comfortable with, so instead, he decides to offer her the relief that she craves, in a way that benefits him as well. He brings her to his teapot home, and before she has the chance to excuse herself to the bathroom, he takes her hand and leads her to his room, where he gets on his knees right away.

It flusters her, but she is too desperate to think too much about it, and Aether makes it worth her while by eating her out as soon as her bladder is empty, the taste of her urine still fresh in his mouth. Drinking her piss was even better than he could have imagined, and he can only hope that Ganyu enjoyed it as well, because he definitely hopes that they can do this again.

4. a show for her- Bleach- Toshiro x Rangiku, male omorashi, purposeful wetting for entertainment purposes

“Ugh…are you sure about this?” her captain asks, for what must be the millionth time, by Rangiku’s count. He is all squirmy and embarrassed, and still trying to see if he can get out of this, even though they both know that he wants this just as much as she does. He may regret admitting that he is into this sort of thing now, but the fact remains that he is into it.

“Yes, I’m sure. I want to watch you,” she replies, not willing to give him a chance to back out. If he really wanted to leave, he would, and if he is determined to, then he can. But she is not going to be the one to let him off the hook, when she knows that he is just a little nervous about what he has already said he wants to do for her. “Go on, you can do it. You’ll feel much better once you do, you know?”

Toshiro bites his lip, face reddening even more. He can tell that she is right, can tell that he is not going to be able to last much longer anyway, even if he does try to make a run for it. Instead of giving up now, he decides that he is just going to go through with it after all, not just for Rangiku’s entertainment, but because, deep down, he really does want to do this.

With a sigh, he lets go. It takes him a moment to be able to make it past that mental block that tries to stop him, but soon enough, he is able to relax his bladder, much to Rangiku’s delight. It is embarrassing, for sure, but it also feels so good to finally be able to let go, and he is every bit as turned on by the feeling of soaking his own clothing as he thought he would be. Perhaps even more so, and he knows that all of this was very worth it.

5. stuck in place- Burn the Witch- Balgo, male omorashi

Balgo shifts nervously from foot to foot, not sure how he’s going to make it out of this one. Hell, he isn’t even sure exactly how he made it into this one, only that he is definitely not going to last much longer, not at this rate. But his only option is to keep waiting, because he is definitely not going to be able to hold it until he gets home, so even if this line is way too long for him to deal with, it is still a better chance for him than heading back now.

That being said, it’s not a very good chance at all, because he has never had to pee this badly in all his life, at least not as far as he can recall. Time just got away from him, and Otsushi got away from him as well, which led to him wasting even more time, and now, he is at the back of this ridiculously long line just to get into a public bathroom, and he can hardly stand still, making it a bit too obvious that he’s in line for a reason.

Not that he cares, at this point. Because, at this point, anything is better than wetting himself, and that is the alternative to squirming about like some desperate child. He knows his limits and knows that he is nearing one of them, so he has to do whatever he can to make sure that he does not lose control, not yet.

It just hurts so bad, and he has definitely leaked at least once, maybe more than that. If he finds that there’s a wet spot on his boxers, he won’t be surprised in the slightest, but he’s trying to keep that from getting bad enough that it seeps into his pants. The line is moving way too slowly, and each time he is able to move forward, he prays that it won’t stop this time, but every time, he is left stuck in place, all over again. He is really about to burst, and if something about this situation doesn’t change soon, then he won’t be able to-

Balgo can’t hold it, as it turns out, and there is no longer any hope for him. Right there, standing in the middle of the line, he gives out, unable to stop it once it has started. Even when he tries grabbing at himself, the only thing he succeeds in doing is calling more attention to himself, as a dark patch blooms on the front of his pants, growing larger as the contents of his bladder spill out.

It’s a hopeless case, and all he can do is hang his head in shame. The line begins moving again while he’s still in the process of pissing himself, and those behind him just step past him, since it’s clear that he doesn’t need his place in line quite as urgently anymore. Instead, he needs to get home and get cleaned up, and pray he doesn’t run into anyone he knows- especially not Noel- along the way.

6. don't make a mess- Bleach- Orihime x Hachigen, female omorashi, piss drinking

“Don’t make a mess,” he says, though Orihime can’t make any promises at this point. She bites her lip and squirms, nodding as she tries to do as she has been told, but she does not know just how long she is going to be able to last at this point. Hachigen told her to keep holding it, but so far, he has not told her when, or even if, she will have his permission to finally empty her bladder.

At this rate, she’s pretty sure that she’s going to wet herself very soon, unless he changes his mind.

These are the sort of games that the two of them play together now. She never expected this from him, but then, she’d never really thought about any of these things before, not with anyone. Hachigen has some interesting hobbies, but Orihime has found them all to be fun. Even right now, as she sweats and worries, she is having fun. She likes the way that it feels to push herself, and, above all, she likes knowing that Hachi is having fun as well.

“You look like you’re struggling, princess,” he says, and she bites her lip. It must be pretty obvious that she’s at her limit, so she nods, not bothering to hide it. “Well, then, I guess that means you need my help. We can’t have you making a mess, after all?”

She had no idea that things were going to end like this, but she has no complaints, not in the slightest. Really, she would be happy with anything that gave her the relief she’s so desperately needed all this time, but she has to admit that pissing directly into his mouth, while he eagerly drinks it all down, moaning softly, making it clear that he loves it.

7. no time to pause- Fire Emblem: Awakening- Chrom x Cordelia, male omorashi

Chrom is fighting against this with all that he has, but he is not doing well, not at all. No matter how hard he tries to push himself onward, he knows that he is near his limit, and that’s not good, not good at all. He has been training a bit too hard today, not exactly an unusual occurrence for him, but then he had to attend a meeting, forgetting until the last minute, which meant that he had to sit through the whole meeting ignoring the ache in his bladder, because he only realized how badly he had to pee when he also realized he would be late to said meeting if he didn’t rush.

Now, he is just trying to get some privacy, before he loses control. He is half tempted to do it right here and now, but he is still too exposed, and if anyone happened upon him, then that would be-

As soon as he thinks that, he spots Cordelia coming his way. She looks down and starts to walk faster, as she tends to do when they happen upon each other, for whatever reason, but he’s glad that he didn’t decide to take the risk, no matter how bad things are. He certainly wouldn’t have wanted her to see him-

No, no!

As it turns out, it doesn’t matter what he does, because Cordelia is going to see him piss either way. He reflexively grabs himself through his pants, as if that could stop it now, but that just ensures that she looks at him. Once Cordelia realizes what is happening to him, it is as if she can’t look away from him, as opposed to most of the time, when she struggles to look at him at all. So she sees the way a dark patch spreads across his pants and sees the puddle that starts to grow at his feet, and of course sees how shocked and miserable he looks, the way that his face starts to turn red with his humiliation.

Even after his bladder is completely empty, he is still standing in that same pose, frozen in place with no idea what he is supposed to do now. Cordelia has not moved either, but he can only imagine what she must think of him now.

“Sorry that I…well, I’ve been a bit careless today, so I…” he starts, when he finally thinks of something, though he soon trails off.

“No, no! You don’t need to apologize to me!” At this point, Cordelia finally seems to know how to move and speak herself, and she is quick to speak her mind. “It’s not…you’ve been so busy lately, of course it’s understandable that…I mean…you do so much for everyone, so you should take better care of yourself, but I’m not scolding you or anything, I just…”

Despite the situation that he’s currently in, he can’t help but chuckle a bit at how she trips over her words. Cordelia is not the shy type, but with him, she often ends up tongue tied. He finds it quite endearing, and it’s enough to cheer him up a bit right now. Not only that, but he believes that she means what she says, and that she doesn’t actually think all that less of him.

Which means that the situation might not be nearly as bad as he initially thought. Still, that doesn’t mean he’s happy about this.

“Could you make sure not to mention this to anyone else?” he asks in a quiet voice, and immediately, she starts nodding.

“Of course! I wouldn’t anyway! But, I…if you need any help at all, I’m happy to help,” she offers. Though he hates to ask, he is glad to have her offer, glad that he doesn’t have to try and figure this out on his own, even though it’s hardly the sort of job most people would be volunteering for. And he’s glad that he gets to spend a bit more time with Cordelia.

8. watch this- Pokemon X and Y- Shauna x Serena, female omorashi and mild sexual content

“I want you to watch,” is all that Shauna has to say, and Serena is soon not able to take her eyes off of her. It does not take much to figure out what it is that she is trying to show off, with the way that she is squirming in place, unable to stand still for even a second. Ever since the two of them discussed what Serena is into, Shauna has been wanting to do something for her, to show her just how supportive she is.

Now, she can’t hold back for a second longer, jamming a hand between her legs as she hops from foot to foot. Serena can barely stand watching this, so into it all that she bites her lip hard. There is no way for Shauna to hold on at this point, having pushed herself to her very limit, and now, the only thing that she can do is let go, wetting herself in front of her girlfriend, to put on the sort of show that fits her tastes quite perfectly.

As she soaks her shorts, Serena just stares in amazement, finding it all so much better to be able to see something like this live and in person. It just makes her love it that much more, and makes her love Shauna that much more for being willing to do this for her. And, when Shauna’s bladder is completely empty, and she is standing in the puddle that she created, Serena can’t help but jump her.

9. searching for privacy- Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn- Sothe, male desperation,trans male character, barely making it

Sothe does his best, biting his lip hard to try and distract himself from the ache in his bladder. His group has been on the road for a while now, heading for another city, never able to stay anywhere for long. It is a long enough journey that it takes a toll on him, but not long enough that anyone else thinks it is worth it to take lengthy stops along the road. As long as Micaiah wants to keep going, then they are going to keep going.

The others in the group don’t mind calling for everyone to briefly stop, just so that they can run off the road and relieve themselves, but Sothe is not able to do that. Every time he even considers it, he freezes up. The other guys that follow his longtime friend aren’t shy around each other, not in the slightest, but Sothe could never piss in front of them. For one thing, that would involve cluing them into something that no one besides Micaiah knows, something that he’s a bit nervous about getting out.

So he doesn’t like to bring attention to the fact that he ever pees, because then he’s afraid someone might somehow bring up how they’ve never seen him do it before. Even knowing it’s silly to worry about it that much, he still can’t help but worry about. When he has to go on the road, he holds it until they make it where they’re going, which means that, right now, he’s absolutely bursting.

“Micaiah,” he says to her in a quiet voice, “I’ll meet up with you in a moment. I have some…business to take care of in the city, so…”

“Oh? Why didn’t you mention that before?” she asks. However, when she actually looks at him and is able to see how tense he is, the way he slightly bounces on his heels, his expression, and the way he is sweating a bit, her eyes widen, and she nods. “Oh, right, of course. I’ll see you soon!”

It’s humiliating that she has to know what’s wrong, but she knows him better than anyone else, in every regard, and he doesn’t have the time or ability to try and convince her it’s something else. In fact, he’s not even sure if he has time to get to a decent location to let this happen, but he moves as fast as he can to try and find enough privacy, knowing that he can’t get caught doing this, no matter what.

Sothe is lucky enough to find a secluded alleyway, and luckier still that he is able to get his pants down very quickly after he loses control, so that he only gets them a little bit damp, with no visible spot. Squatting to the ground, he sighs with relief as the contents of his bladder come gushing out, hissing as he forms a puddle beneath himself. This was definitely way too close of a call, but at least he can say he made it.

10. still too new- Bleach- Ulquiorra x Orihime, male omorashi

Ulquiorra still isn’t used to this; to the aching pressure in his bladder. He rarely drank anything before, and rarely in excess, but there are times when Aizen’s tea parties push him beyond his own limits. And, when that happens, he often does not realize until it is too late.

Until he is fidgeting in front of the prisoner, denying it even when she guesses what the problem is. He continues to deny it all the way up until the moment that he is losing control, wetting himself in front of her. Orihime, despite everything, remains decent about it all.

11. can't you hold it?- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Rodrigue, male omorashi

“Can’t you hold it?” Felix asks in an irritated voice. The fact that he has already figured out what the problem is is quite the embarrassment, but Rodrigue is doing his best to not let anything else about this situation get to him. He just wishes that he knew where he went wrong, and wishes even more than that that he could turn back time to that exact moment, so that he could do things a bit differently.

Right now, the army is on the march, and right now, Rodrigue has to piss so badly that it is really hard for him to think about anything else. With his bladder aching like this, he really does not know how he is supposed to keep dealing with it. There is no good reason to stop an army on the march, and if he were to stop on his own, he is sure that he would not get left too far behind, but how humiliating would that be? A grown man, old enough to be the king’s father, unable to hold his bladder until they reach their destination!

But Felix can tell that there is something wrong, which means that Rodrigue’s nerves have gotten too obvious. He supposes that it has become difficult to hide his frequent fidgets, but still, he had at least hoped that his own son would not be able to figure him out.

“Of course I can,” he says, even though he is honestly not too sure about that. But now that Felix has noticed him, what else can he do? It would be far too humiliating to let his son think that he actually can’t wait, but, unless he is actually able to hold it that long, he is going to make a fool of himself either way. It might be better to just deal with it now, rather than the other possibility for humiliation, especially considering the fact that he is pretty sure he is getting dangerously close to his limit.

When he feels a sharp pang of desperation, followed by a hot, wet spurt of piss escaping him, he knows that he has no choice, and that he has to head off the path right now. He doesn’t expect Felix to follow him, and is in such a hurry, he doesn’t even notice. That, and he’s trying not to pay attention to what’s going on behind him, because he doesn’t want to know what anyone thinks of him having to run off to piss right now.

Unfortunately, even when he thinks he has privacy, he doesn’t, because his son is there, and even when he thinks that he is going to make it, he doesn’t. Rodrigue is not able to get his pants out of the way before he begins pissing himself, groaning in disbelief as well as relief, the bliss of his bladder emptying honestly so good he can hardly resist enjoying it.

It is only when he hears Felix snap, “Seriously?!” that he remembers what he has done.

12. just a little further- Bleach- Orihime x Ulquiorra, female omorashi

“Are you going to be alright?” Ulquiorra asks, in a quiet voice. Though he doesn’t exactly have concern written all over his face, Orihime knows how to read him well enough by now that she can tell he is worried about her.

Which is exactly why she says, “I’ll be fine! We aren’t too far from home, so I can wait until then.” And she’s sure that she can, even if she has to pee pretty badly already. The park bathroom that she wanted to use is closed for cleaning right now, and though she could search local businesses for another public bathroom, the easiest thing to do would probably head on home. At least then, Ulquiorra will not have to worry even more, should she fail to find anywhere to go.

The two of them have had a lovely date, with her Arrancar boyfriend doing a much better job at blending in than she could have anticipated. There’s no sense in ruining such a great day by complaining too much about how full her bladder is, when she was the one who kept going for refills in the first place. Each step is her own miniature agony, but nevertheless, Orihime has already decided that she is going to be just fine.

It feels like home is far away, but it isn’t all that far, and if she keeps her mind off of things, then she won’t even notice how badly she has to pee. Except she might need to focus, if she really wants to keep holding it. Still, that doesn’t mean that it has to be hard for her, or that she is in any sort of trouble. She’s not a little girl anymore, after all!

Still, she wishes that it were at least a little bit easier to handle right now, with each step jostling her in such a way that she worries she might leak. Actually, she may or may not have already leaked a few times by now, but her panties are still just damp, so she doesn’t have to worry about it showing. Unless she leaks enough that it soaks through, but she isn’t allowing herself to think that negatively.

The two of them are so close now that there’s no way she won’t make it. She keeps repeating that in her mind as if it will change what has already begun, but try as she might, there is nothing that she can do to stop it from happening, and right outside her home, no less. It is while Orihime is frantically searching for the key that her bladder finally gives out, the relief so overwhelming that it is almost easy to forget that she’s peeing herself, right now, in front of Ulquiorra.

Of course, while she has to cope with the humiliation she feels as a result of that, Ulquiorra has his own internal battle, wondering why the hell he is so hard right now.

13. if it weren't for cheryl- Pokemon Diamond and Pearl- Lucas x Cheryl, male omorashi

Lucas would not be having this problem if he were alone right now, but he can’t very well admit to how badly he needs to pee with Cheryl right here. And he would not want to do anything to get rid of Cheryl, even if that would make the whole situation a lot easier on his bladder, because, well, Cheryl.

Lucas does not think he has ever met anyone as pretty as her, so of course, he can’t help but feel blessed that she is here with him, eager to travel alongside him throughout the forest. It’s not an opportunity he is going to squander, and certainly not for something as pathetic as needing to pee. Even if he really, really needs to go right now, to the point that it hurts. He is not sure how much longer he can hold it, but still he feels compelled to keep pushing himself.

It is getting to the point that walking is difficult now, and multiple times, Cheryl has asked him if he is alright- multiple times, she has given him a good opportunity to excuse himself behind a distance tree, and each time, like an idiot, he has squandered it, making it that much harder to lean into it the next time that she asks. At this point, he has completely set himself up for failure, so there really should not be any surprise when he finally loses control.

After every chance he has had, with nothing reasonably holding him back from just going, Lucas is pissing himself, in front of the very girl he was trying to look cool in front of. No doubt, Cheryl will just see him as a hopeless little kid now…

Though that is accurate, he does not yet realize that is actually a positive.

14. cutting it too close this time- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Penny x Juliana, female omorashi

For the most part, Penny is glad to be able to be back at school, and to actually be able to enjoy herself there, with friends she can count on and no need to fear. However, there are still some things that are difficult for her, between memories of what she went through before catching up to her, and little insecurities, small worries that make the simplest of tasks seem difficult for her.

Penny does not like going to the bathroom outside of the privacy of her dorm room, and that can be a problem sometimes. Or, rather, a lot of times. She has had way too many close calls, and situations where she’s simply had to give in and face her fears. Even knowing what could happen, and even knowing it’s never as bad as she makes it out to be, she still puts herself through it, time and again.

That is how she ends up in another situation like today, barely able to sit still because of the way that her bladder is throbbing. She doesn’t want to, but she already knows that she’s going to have to use a school bathroom after class, even though classes will be done for the day. There’s no way that she will be able to make it to her dorm, no way at all.

Juliana keeps shooting concerned looks at her, which makes it all the more embarrassing. She’s probably already figured Penny out, and because of how close they are, she already knows exactly why Penny would be nervous about this. Her pity doesn’t make it any less embarrassing- if anything, it just makes the embarrassment that much worse, but there is nothing Penny can do to disguise her need right now. All she can do is try to ignore Juliana’s glances, until finally, class is over, and she is able to quickly stand up and hurry out of the room, as fast as she can go in her current state.

Penny has never had to pee this badly in all her life, and she can feel herself leaking, much to her horror. She can’t afford to go any slower, but she also can’t afford to leak so much that it’s visible on her leggings. Her panic grows more by the second, until she realizes that there just isn’t any getting out of this for her. She has officially pushed herself too far, and now the only thing she can do is hide away to try and minimize the consequences.

But of course Juliana has been right behind her all this time, her concern leading her to try and see how things would conclude, so when Penny ducks into the most secluded alcove she can find, Juliana is right there with her, to witness the moment of her humiliating accident.

It feels so good to let it all out that Penny almost forgets to be miserable- almost, but not quite. This is still plenty humiliating enough to override any feelings of relief, so she has her priorities straight there. But, then again, so does Juliana, and so Penny does not find herself ridiculed, or even once get the sense that Juliana is secretly disgusted with her.

Instead, she just gets help from a good friend in making sure that no one else witnesses her humiliation, and the vague notion that Juliana might actually be more than just a ‘good friend.’

15. desperate on a date- Bleach- Masaki x Isshin, female omorashi

“I’m sorry, I should have said something sooner,” Masaki says, face burning from her embarrassment. “I just really didn’t think it’d be so bad that I couldn’t make it home…”

“You’ll be able to make it, don’t worry!” Isshin assures her. “But, either way, don’t worry about it. We might still find a bathroom yet.”

Masaki has had to pee for a while now, but said nothing about it, because the only bathroom she found while the two of them were out was closed for cleaning. She thought then that she should just wait until their date was over, but now, she’s absolutely bursting. Of course, now they’re walking in a residential area, so the odds of them actually finding another public bathroom on their way are pretty slim, but at least Isshin is still trying to look.

He’s always willing to do just about anything for her, the sort of guy that it’s all too easy to fall in love with. Right now, though, she doesn’t have much room to think about the way that he makes her feel, when she is far more concerned about what he’s going to think of her if she wets herself in front of him like a little girl. She tries to be mature, she really does, but then, stupid little things like this happen to her, and-

“No, no, not yet!” she whines, stopping short as she feels a spurt escape her. Isshin stops as well, concern clear on his face, but no matter how she tries, Masaki can’t press on. “I’m sorry, please, I tried my best-”

“Masaki, don’t apologize!” he interrupts. Even though she’s standing there in front of him, piss running down her legs like a child, he still gives her that same smile. “You’re gonna be okay, alright?”

16. he is not that weak- Pokemon Masters- Lear x Bettie, male omorashi

Lear isn’t going to say a word about this, because Lear isn’t the sort to show weakness. Not in front of anyone, but especially not in front of one of his greatest rivals of all time. It does not matter how unassuming Bettie might appear to be on the outside, because he knows all too well just how fearsome she really is. Not only at Pokemon battling, but also at setting him completely off balance.

Why else would he be out on a date with her otherwise? He still doesn’t know what possessed her to ask him such a thing, and definitely not what possessed him to go along with it, but now, the two of them are actually having a somewhat decent time together. The only thing that is starting to interrupt the good times is the annoying, nagging little throb in Lear’s bladder, making it nearly impossible for him to go more than a few minutes without thinking about it.

It stands to reason that he would need to pee right now. The two of them went somewhere to eat on their date, as couples tend to do, and he did have something to drink at that time. It’s been quite a while since then, and the two of them have done so much, so it only makes sense that his bladder has filled in that time. It wouldn’t even be odd for him to excuse himself to the bathroom right now, but he isn’t going to say a word.

Lear isn’t the sort of weak person who asks for a bathroom break first, especially not when they’re not exactly in one of the more residential areas of Pasio right now. If there were a bathroom right in front of them, it might be a different story, but right now, he won’t bring up his need unless Bettie brings up her own first. Unfortunately, she shows no signs of discomfort that might indicate her needing to pee even half as badly as he does right now.

So he’s just going to have to keep holding it, even though it has gotten so bad now that each step he takes leaves him in greater and greater pain. Has he ever had to pee this badly before? But he’s not weak, not weaker than her for sure, and he will not be the first to admit that he has to pee. Even if it means holding it far beyond what he should be able to handle, even if it means enduring excruciating pain, he will not admit it, not if she hasn’t.

Unfortunately, this also means losing control, something else that he has no control over right now. He never said a word about his need, true, but that now means that he has to live with the fact that he pissed himself like a little boy, on his very first date with a girl that he has always desperately wanted to impress.

17. don't be so stubborn- Bleach- Hiyori x Love, female omorashi

“You know, if something’s bothering you, or you need to stop for any reason, you can just say so. You don’t have to keep fussing all quiet and hope for me to notice,” Love says, so nonchalant that Hiyori could miss out on the meaning behind his words, if she were paying less attention right now.

Unfortunately, her bladder is throbbing so much at the moment that she is far too aware of everything that goes on around her, as if every little thing only serves to further add to her pain. But like hell she’s going to tell Love something like that! What kind of baby gets desperate to pee on a simple outing like this, and can’t even make it back? Not her, that’s for damn sure.

“Learn to mind your own business!” she snaps. “And besides, there’s nothing wrong anyway. You suck at reading people, Love!”

“Whatever you say,” he replies, rolling his eyes. There’s part of her that almost wishes he would push more, but she shelves that thought immediately, not allowing herself to accept the fact that she is way too desperate right now, that she is nearing her limit. She has put no effort into finding a bathroom, and now it seems like she might not have any options besides holding it.

Which would be fine if she were actually as capable of holding it in as she acts like she is, but that really isn’t the case for her. In fact, she’s been at her limit for a while now, so despite acting tough, her panties are already damp, and she keeps leaking, no matter how she may try to stop that.

But with how she normally behaves, Love isn’t all that surprised when she loses control, wetting herself not far from home.

18. not the best way to keep warm- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Penny x Giacomo, mutual omorashi

“Come on, Penny, hurry up,” Giacomo says, bouncing in place as he shivers. The fact that they can both see their breath is proof that it’s cold enough to warrant the amount of movement he’s making right now, but she knows that’s not the only reason. They’ve been out for a while together, and now that they’re back home, her boyfriend is absolutely bursting to pee.

“I’m going as fast as I can,” she mumbles, hands shaking as she searches for her fluffy keychain, big enough that her keys should be easy to find in any bag. It takes her a bit this time, as if the universe itself has it out for Giacomo and his bladder.

Finally, though, she produces her keys, and goes to unlock the door. After a few seconds of trying, unable to believe what’s happening, she finally has to break the news to Giacomo.

“Uh…I think the lock is frozen.”

“Don’t tell me that.” Giacomo looks at her with a completely deadpan expression on his face. “Penny, do not tell me that right now.”

Shrugging, she says, “I’m sorry, but-”

All at once, he jams a hand between his legs, holding himself like a grade schooler and whining, “I’m gonna piss my pants, Penny! Can’t you thaw it?!”

“At least you’ll be warm-”

“Not funny!”

“We can see if a neighbor has some hot water to-”

“Do not talk about water right now.”

“I don’t know how else we’re going to melt the ice.”

No amount of bickering can delay the inevitable, and he breaks off mid-sentence to groan and to protest, but it’s simply too late for him. Panicking in the moment, the only thing Penny can think to do to try and cheer him up is piss herself as well. She’s had to pee the whole time as well, just not nearly as bad as him, so she didn’t mention it.

But now, Giacomo stands in front of her, looking like he might cry because he’s just wet himself, and the only thing Penny can think to do is empty her bladder as well, relief and warmth washing over her all at once. Her leggings are completely soaked through, as Giacomo stares at her in complete shock.

“Penny?!” he finally manages to get out.

“See? I told you it’d make you warm,” she replies, her face going red as she finally realizes what she’s just done.

“Yeah, at first, and then you’ll be freezing.” Giacomo shakes his head. “Now how’re we gonna ask one of your neighbors for hot water?”

Shit.

19. interrupted personal day- Bleach- Lisa x Shunsui, female omorashi with intentional desperation at first

Getting summoned by her captain when she was supposed to have time to herself is not Lisa’s preferred turn of events, but she sincerely hopes this will be over with quickly. She has to pee so desperately right now that there’s no telling how long she can last, but she wanted to be that desperate today. The whole plan for her day was to fill her bladder to the limit, and hold it until she could not anymore.

It’s true that she could have peed before leaving, but she doesn’t want to throw away her plans if she doesn’t have to. All she has to do is finish a few quick tasks for Kyoraku, then she can be on her way, and enjoy the rest of her hold. If she’s able to hold it that long, which seems less likely by the moment, but still she tells herself that she can do it.

She’s too far gone to keep completely still, but she does try to be subtle about the way she fidgets. Not subtle enough, though, because her captain catches on. She does not realize that at first, when he keeps her in his office after her work is done, talking with her. It’s only after she processes just how pointless the topics are that she realizes he’s trying to stall her, trying to keep her here to see what happens.

What a pervert…

Well, if that’s what this old pervert wants, then that’s what he’s going to get. Lisa makes a show of it, squirming more and more throughout their conversation, and he becomes more obvious in the way that he stares at her. Until, finally, she jams a hand between her legs, pressing her skirt to her, as she lets go, wetting herself in her captain’s office.

20. eri miscalculates- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Eri x Florian, female omorashi

Eri is not going to stop now, not when the two of them have made so much progress. It does not matter how badly she has to go, she’s strong enough to ignore that, at least for a little while longer. Florian has been such a good student so far, so she at least owes it to him to finish his wrestling lesson before she goes running off to the bathroom. Besides, once again, she should be strong enough to just be able to hold it.

That is the thought process that keeps her going as they spar, enough though each jostle of her bladder makes her panic a bit. Despite all the distraction that offers, though, she at least has so much experience on Florian that he is never able to get any sort of advantage over her. She can continue to show off for him even when she is this nervous about how badly she needs to pee.

Perhaps this makes her get a little too confident. Even with her bladder constantly reminding her of how badly she needs to go, she can still get caught up in her desire to impress Florian, and then she forgets for a little bit that she needs to be careful. That’s what leads to her pinning him down, and that move proves to be the worst mistake she could make right now.

At least, she thinks it is a mistake, as her bladder at last gives in, and she wets herself while right on top of Florian. It seems like something that will completely ruin her chances with the boy, but then, she realizes that is not so, whens he feels the way that his erection digs up into her, even while soaked in her piss. Or, perhaps, because of that.

*001*2023-11-11 22:29

1. library studying- Fire Emblem: Three Houses- Sylvain x Lysithea, female omorashi

“You obviously have to pee right now,” Sylvain says, awfully bold for a man who has every reason to fear for his life. After all, it is Lysithea that he is saying this to, and she has already denied, multiple times, that there is anything wrong. Even so, he can still tell that there is a problem, and he knows exactly what that problem is.

“No, I’m fine,” she snaps, biting her lip and not looking up from the book she is reading. Until her face turns red, as his words sink in, and she looks up at him, opening her mouth, ready to scream at him for having the nerve. She must remember that they’re in the library just in time, though, because she closes it. The two of them have been studying together for a long time, and she has been squirming for a while now.

“Just go on, take a quick break and then come right back,” he says, not seeing what the big deal is. There’s no need to be so shy about it around him, though he has to admit that it’s adorable to see her like this, all flushed and needy…it’s actually hard not to connect her desperation to a very different sort of scenario, and he wonders if he might be discovering a new kink, all because Lysithea is too proud to go to the bathroom.

It is only a few moments after this brief conversation that she suddenly stands up, a look of pure panic on her face, as she realizes that she really can’t make it like this. And, bad as it is for him to think this, he quite enjoys the show when she only makes it a few steps, before losing control and wetting herself in the library.

2. bill's house- Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu & Eevee- Elaine x Bill, female omorashi

Elaine’s knees keep shaking, no matter how she tries to get them to stop. More than anything, she knows that she needs to ask Bill where the bathroom is, but he is so excited as he talks to her about everything in his home and lab, and she gets shy even admitting to such a need.

The fact that she stopped in this house at all had a lot to do with how badly she needed to pee, but she quickly got swept away in helping this man, and now, she’s bursting. She’s sure that he would let her use his bathroom, but if she can’t get up the nerve to ask, then she at least needs to find her chance to leave, so that she can find a bush outside. Still, she can’t bring herself to say it, made all the more shy by just how handsome she finds this man.

That should be all the more reason to not want to turn into a squirming, desperate mess in front of him, but instead, it just becomes a reason to hold back, letting her need get worse and worse as he rambles, oblivious. If he weren’t so caught up in his side of the conversation, he might have noticed her desperation by now, and even though she would die of embarrassment if he did, at least then, he might offer his bathroom to her, since she is clearly incapable of asking that simple question herself.

But he doesn’t notice, and her bladder can only take so much, and before she ever figures out what she wants to say, it is already too late for her. The only thing that saves her from devastating humiliation is the way Bill looks at her, flushed and fascinated, when her shorts are soaked.

3. disrespected time- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Grusha x Juliana, male omorashi

Grusha really doesn’t like feeling like his time isn’t respected. That’s a part of why he can’t stand Geeta, but he can’t do anything about it, because otherwise, he might be risking his position as a gym leader. Since he can’t risk that, he can’t say no when she shows up out of the blue, the newest champion in tow, and declares that the two of them need to battle while she observes.

She doesn’t even give him a reason for it, probably doesn’t even think that she needs to. Not only that, but she doesn’t give him nearly enough time to prepare, which means that he doesn’t have time to go to the bathroom before he’s expected on the battle court, where Juliana waits for him. Her face lights up as soon as she lays eyes on him- honestly, she doesn’t have to make her crush on him so obvious. The fact that Grusha thinks it’s cute, that he thinks she’s cute, only makes that, and this whole situation, all the more irritating.

Fuck, he really needs to piss right now. Why does Geeta have to spring this sort of stuff on him, and expect him to drop everything just because she showed up? He has to worry about performing well enough to impress her, on top of worrying about the way his bladder throbs, and the way the cold air definitely doesn’t help with that. He almost wishes for Juliana to beat him effortlessly, just to get this over with.

His pride as a gym leader, and his need to keep that position, keep him from putting forth no effort, and even though he wants this battle to end quickly more than anything, he still gives it his all, even as his bladder throbs and aches and begs for relief. He stands with his legs pressed tightly together, hoping that his audience blames his stance and his movements on how cold it is, not guessing at the fact that he’s struggling not to wet himself.

The battle drags on, and he isn’t sure if that’s just because he’s impatient, or if it’s genuinely taking forever, but by the time he’s Terastalizing his final Pokemon, he knows he’s about to burst, any minute now. He’s going to lose the battle, which is expected and not a problem so long as he puts up a decent fight, so now, it’s just a matter of letting Juliana finish things off.

She does, but not soon enough.

He realizes, in horror, that it’s already too late just as he’s putting Altaria back in the Pokeball. Juliana is stepping forward to shake his hand, but Grusha is frozen in place, a sudden warmth cutting through the cold as he loses control and begins to piss himself. It all begins to gush out of him, with no chance of stopping it, until the stain begins to spread on his pale blue pants, running down his leg. He can even see the moment that Juliana realizes what’s happening, when her friendly smile turns to an expression of pure shock.

A murmur goes through the crowd, as more and more people notice, and Grusha stares at the ground, not daring to look up, and certainly not daring to look at Geeta.

4. ready to lash out- Bleach- Cirucci, female omorashi

Cirucci grits her teeth, ready to tear someone’s hair out- not her own, of course- if she’s made to wait even a moment longer. This is definitely one of the worst parts of her new life- the fact that she still has to deal with basic needs, just the same as she did when she was alive as a human, and alive again as a Hollow. Even as a zombie, she doesn’t get any sort of undead advantages, and so, when she has too much to drink, she ends up desperate to pee, just like anybody else.

But she has experiments to carry out, and has been denied breaks when she asked for them. She would ask again, even demand that the pervert in charge let her go, but she knows what he does when she and the others act out. An electric shock is not what her bladder needs right now, so her only option is holding it in. It doesn’t help that this experiment is both involved and mundane- it’s basically just standard Soul Reaper training, but carried out by Arrancar zombies, so that Kurotsuchi can record the results for whatever weird purpose he may have.

And, all the while, Cirucci is denied a break while her bladder continues to ache for relief. She grits her teeth, and she fantasizes about getting revenge that will never be possible, but none of that makes it any easier, and none of that stops it from finally happening. Cirucci pisses herself like some pathetic little girl in the middle of her training, very much aware of the others watching, not daring to say a word, though she won’t be surprised if Luppi has something to say later.

As for her, she’s no longer afraid to speak her mind about this position.

5. she just keeps pushing- Bleach- Soi Fon x Marechiyo, female omorashi

“Captain, is something bothering you?”

Trust Marechiyo to just come out and ask something like that, when Soi Fon was hoping no one would notice or point it out. Of course, it’s not like he can read her mind to know that she doesn’t want him to mention it, because, if he could, he’d already know what was bothering her. Instead, he’s clueless enough to not be able to piece together the problem, but still attentive enough to be able to tell that there’s a problem at all.

“Nothing, mind your own business,” she snaps, sounding even nastier than she usually gets with him.

If she had a chance to take a break, everything would be fine, but she’s been busy all day, run ragged by her captain duties. She’s nearly done with everything that she’s had to see to today, which is good, because she’s had to pee for hours now, so badly at this point that she is in quite a lot of pain. Her lieutenant babbling in her ear, trying to check on her, is only making the whole situation that much worse for her. How much longer is she going to be able to last, at this rate?

“It’s just, you’ve been really on edge for a while, even more than usual- wait, please don’t hit me! I’m just telling the truth, so you have no right to be mad!”

“I just said to mind your own business, but here you go, still sticking your ass where it doesn’t belong!”

“Leave my ass out of this! What’s so wrong with caring about my captain?”

“Just shut up!” She’s getting sharper by the second, unable to take it anymore. Her bladder is so full, and that makes everything going on around her that much more irritating. Truth be told, she’s only snappy with Marechiyo because of that, whereas usually, she’s snappy with him because that’s much easier than acknowledging the fact that she actually rather-

Her guard must be very low due to her desperation, for her to almost admit her true feelings to herself. She isn’t going to make it, but she’s so close to done that she can’t bring herself to stop, especially if Marechiyo would know what she was taking a break for. Her pride wins out every time, even though the rational part of her mind knows exactly what it is that she is walking into.

It really isn’t that much of a surprise when she finally loses control, though she still manages to be distraught and humiliated, when she freezes in place and begins wetting herself, like some helpless little girl. And it is definitely a surprise to Marechiyo, who would never expect to see his captain in such a situation, not in a million years. The relief is great, but that doesn’t do anything to make her feel better. She doubts anything will, not even yelling at Marechiyo, but is willing to try that last one all the same.

“Here, Captain! Let me finish the rest of your work for you,” he offers quickly, before she has the chance. “Unless you need help cleaning up? Uh, whatever you need!”

6. can't you just...?- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Atticus x Juliana, male omorashi

“There’s a tree right over there. You aren’t going to use it?”

To even hear Juliana make a suggestion like that sees Atticus turning a bright shade of red. Thankfully, his face is mostly concealed, but still, that does not help much in a situation as humiliation as this. For one thing, it’s bad enough that she already knows that he has to pee; for another, it is made all the worse to have her ask him something like that.

The two of them have spending more time together lately, and he’s been rather hopeful about the direction they’re going in. Spending a day out looking for Pokemon for a project was supposed to be a way to bring them closer. Now, Atticus is more worried about his bladder than anything else, though worrying about what Juliana thinks of him is a close second.

“I…my lady, I could never-”

“Don’t worry about me! It’s not like I’m gonna look, or anything.”

Oh, if only it were that simple. But, whether she is looking or not, Atticus just can’t do it like that- and, even if he could, it turns out to already be too late to avoid wetting himself.

7. scatterbrained jacq- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Jacq, male omorashi

Standing in front of his class, Jacq sweats and taps his foot from time to time, overall doing his best to hide his discomfort. It’s been a busy morning, far too busy for a scatterbrained man like him to hope to handle, and because of that, the large amount of coffee that he had to drink before class has caught up with him, leaving him desperate to pee as he watches the clock and tries to lecture.

If he were more organized, he would’ve remembered to go before class started, but he was caught up doing something else, and it slipped his mind so completely that he did not even realize he needed to go until class was already underway, and his bladder was already absolutely throbbing. Now, it is just a matter of making it until the bell rings, and praying that he does not lose control in front of his students.

However, by the time the end of class rolls around, things have gotten dire for Jacq. He returns to his desk the instant he can, so that he can sit behind something, a hand pressed to his lap, his legs shaking, while he waits for his students to file out. As much as he wants to make a run for it, he has a free period next, and would rather make his desperate dash to the bathroom when the hallways are empty.

That idea turns out to be his downfall. If he’d made a run for it without caring what anyone thought of him, he might have still made it, but once the next bell has rung, Jacq finds that he is too desperate to even stand. He has no choice but to wet himself at his desk, wondering how he’s going to get out of this.

8. overdue paperwork- Bleach- Rangiku x Toshiro, female omorashi

No breaks until she has made her way through all of her overdue paperwork. That is what Toshiro said, and Rangiku knows that he’s serious about it. It isn’t the first time he’s used this punishment for her, and she learned the hard way before that there truly is no way out of it.

Even knowing this, she doesn’t take it nearly as seriously as she should. After all, she should have known to be careful about her hydration, because now she isn’t even halfway done with the paperwork, and she has to pee so badly that she can’t stand it.

Toshiro watches her work, and will not show her any mercy, she already knows. If she tries to escape, she won’t be able to, which means that she’s stuck here. She definitely knows better than to ask for a bathroom break, having learned from experience that he simply will not listen to any excuses she might make to get away.

Rangiku’s only choice is to try and get through this, but the pile never seems to get any smaller, and the longer she waits, the worse her focus gets. Soon enough, she isn’t able to focus at all, her desperation so great that it’s all she can focus on.

“Captain, I’m sorry, but I can’t hold it anymore!” she cries as she quickly stands up, deciding that his wrath is worth it if she can just get her relief.

That turns out to be too big of an “if,” however; as soon as she starts to move, her control is already lost. Making matters worse is her captain telling her he would have let her go, had she asked. Making them slightly better is the way he fails to hide his arousal at the sight of Rangiku wetting herself.

9. she still makes mistakes- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Ryme x Juliana, female omorashi

Even after all these years, Ryme still makes her mistakes from time to time. Though she’s got the experience to be able to avoid mistakes more often than not, she still sometimes finds herself in such a rush that she has to skip over some very important parts of her routine, if she is going to give her show as planned. Tonight is one such night, and she may or may not have allowed herself to end up in a rush because she’s been distracted by another mistake she keeps making lately.

Juliana is way too young for her, but way too cute and way too into her, and since she’s here tonight, Ryme spends too much time with her before she’s meant to go onstage, and has to skip over going to the bathroom. Not exactly a good thing, but she doesn’t realize that until much too late to do anything about it.

With her concert nearly halfway over and her bladder absolutely bursting, she knows her only choice is to keep pretending like everything is fine, and hold it to the end. Always, she feels like a complete idiot for ending up in situations like this one, when she should have known better, should have been able to prevent it. That Juliana is clearly no good for her, but as cute as can be.

In the end, Ryme does at least make it backstage, where Juliana is waiting for her. Her face of shock is pretty damn cute, and that is what she wears as Ryme leans back against the closed door, sighing as she gives up control. There was no way she could make it, not even as close as she is right now, so she just has to deal with her girlfriend watching her piss herself.

10. when in snowpoint- Pokemon Diamond & Pearl- Maylene, female omorashi

Maylene never bundles up when she goes up to Snowpoint City, because she wants to train her body’s endurance. How can she call herself strong if she can’t withstand this cold? Of course, the cold has another effect on her, one that almost has her wishing that she had bundled up, if only it meant that this would be easier for her to deal with.

She just really needs to pee right now, and every chill that she gets only makes that worth. If she is not careful, she is going to wet herself before she reaches any sort of building where she can go inside and go to the bathroom. It is not too far off now, but her bladder is really throbbing, and the cold winds are picking up.

In the end, she is not able to hold it that long, no matter how hard she may try to fight. Just when she is within the city’s limits, her bladder finally gives out, and she begins to wet herself, the crotch of her pale sweatpants quickly going dark as she fully empties her bladder. The relief feels so good for a moment, made all the better by the temporary warmth, but she knows better than to fall for that.

After all, she now has to deal with the humiliation of walking through town in soaking pants, with everyone who looks at her able to tell that she was not able to hold her bladder. On top of that, though, with these cold winds, it will not take long for the warm pee to cool, and then grow absolutely frigid, making her that much colder.

Wetting herself in Snowpoint City is the absolute worst, and not something that Maylene would wish on even her worst enemy, no matter what.

11. she does her best to help him- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Atticus x Eri, male omorashi, trans male character

“You know I can’t go in there!” Atticus hisses. For once, he is so frantic that he completely drops his act. Eri cocks her head, confused.

“But it’s the bathroom?”

“Yes, but it’s the boy’s bathroom.”

“Yeah, and you’re a boy, so…oh, wait. Sorry, I get it.” Eri pauses awkwardly, regretting her words and wondering what she can do to help her friend. She noticed him getting all fidgety during class, and discovered that he’s been desperate to pee for most of the day because he forgot to go before leaving his dorm room. Now, he’s on the verge of wetting himself.

But there are factors at play that make him self-conscious about using public bathrooms, and Eri knows that well enough that she probably shouldn’t have said anything of the sort. Either way, though, he has no time to make it to his next class if he has to go back to the dorms to pee. And so…

“Looks like we’re ditching class!” Before Atticus has a chance to react, she scoops him up in her arms and makes in the direction of the dorms. Even as he cries out in surprise, she does not slow down for a second, not wanting to waste a single second.

Finally, she reaches her own dorm room, just a little bit closer than his. As soon as she throws open the door, she sets Atticus down on shaky legs. As soon as he is able to move, he quickly makes his way into the bathroom. Eri feels relieved for him, but after she waits for a moment, she does not hear anything from the bathroom, not even the toilet flushing.

The door isn’t closed when she approaches, and Atticus stands in the middle of a puddle. Clearly, he didn’t make it.

12. from somewhere beyond the clouds- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Arven x Juliana, mutual omorashi

They’re definitely lost, even though neither of them wants to admit it just yet. No matter how they try to follow the maps on their phones, they just keep getting turned around. With how far the two of them have come in their search for the various Herba Mystica, neither want to give up when they’re so close to what should be the location of the next one.

The only problem is that both Arven and Juliana really need to pee right now, and neither one of them wants to admit that to the other. Instead, they both suffer in silence out in the middle of nowhere, with no way to find an excuse to go without directly bring up what the problem really is.

For Arven, this happens all too frequently; he doesn’t know why, but he’s never been the best at remembering to go to the bathroom at opportune times, and on top of that, he has a feeling that his bladder is way smaller than it should be for someone of his size. If he were by himself, it might not be as much of a problem, but he isn’t, and he’s far too embarrassed to tell Juliana that he needs to find somewhere to pee.

Juliana could kick herself for having so much to drink without thinking about how long she would be out here, with Arven. She already doesn’t like peeing outside, but she especially doesn’t like the idea of telling the upperclassman that she has a huge crush on that she needs to pee. Instead, she just hopes that she can hold it long enough, even though that already seems impossible, with how desperate she is, and how they’re still hopelessly lost.

“I think if we keep going in this direction, we should be able to find a Pokemon Center…”

“But is that where the mountains get really bad? We can’t go straight through, if so.”

“I think there might be a path…”

“You said that last time we got turned around, but there wasn’t a path!”

It’s been like this for a while now, both getting more agitated as their bladders protest that much longer, but they still both know this is not worth attacking the other over. Instead, they agree this lead is better than nothing, and start off in that direction, both still trying to ignore the throbbing of their bladders.

Juliana is near tears, but doing her best to hold them back. She’s never had to pee this badly in her life, and her panties are already damp from all the times she’s leaked, unable to stop it. She’s starting to become panicked, but even more panicked than her is Arven, who knows his limits well, and knows that he is already nearly past them. He’s going to have to confess his need to Juliana soon, but try as he might, he can’t bring himself to say the words.

His bladder does not have that kind of patience, and it’s over too soon. Arven lets out a helpless little yelp, reflexively going to hold between his legs, even though it’s too late for that humiliating act to do him any sort of good. All he does is demand that much more attention from Juliana, in his moment of humiliation.

The relief feels so good that he can almost forget her standing there, but the look of surprise turning to pity is enough to keep him fully grounded in this embarrassing reality. As his bladder empties, he can think of nothing to say to her, and so, silence hangs in the air as he soaks through his pants.

Then, all at once, Juliana lets out a whimper, and her own hand darts between her legs. Arven is the one left with an expression of shock, as he watches Juliana soak her shorts, the stain spreading across them rapidly. She had to pee as well? And she couldn’t hold it either? Arven doesn’t know how to describe the way that he feels right now, but it’s not a bad feeling at all.

Juliana might have been able to hold it a bit longer, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to find a bathroom, and the instant she saw Arven lose control, she knew what she had to do. Making sure that he didn’t feel alone just felt like the most important thing at the time, though she didn’t expect it to feel this good.

Now, they have a bit to talk about, and much more to think about.

13. it's just cold- Pokemon Legends: Arceus- Laventon x Akari, male omorashi

Work Text:

“Is there something wrong, professor?” Akari asks. “You’re shaking a lot…do you not feel well?”

“No, it’s not that. I’m just c…cold, that’s all,” Laventon replies, his voice wavering a bit even as he speaks. There is a little chill in the air, enough for her to believe his excuse at first, but that isn’t what has him shaking like this. He isn’t shivering at all, but rather, trembling because he has to pee very badly, but hasn’t had a chance to relieve himself with Akari at his side.

He won’t until they make it back to the village. Knowing that, it’s impossible not to be nervous, because that’s a very long walk, and Laventon is quite desperate. His best option is to overcome his nerves and excuse himself here and now, but he’s a gentleman, damn it! Even saying such a thing to a lady, let alone doing something like that where he might be within earshot…even if he weren’t already a bit too interested in her, it would be unthinkable.

So he continues to hold it, even when it becomes clear that he is nearing his limit much faster than he is nearing the village. From time to time, Akari looks like she wants to question him again but doesn’t, and he knows that it’s becoming all the more obvious that he isn’t just cold. But she doesn’t ask, and he doesn’t speak up about needing privacy, not even when he is right there on the edge of wetting himself.

Naturally, he ends up doing exactly that, while Akari is right there with him. He groans and gasps and whimpers, and even tries holding himself at the last second, though that does nothing but add to his humiliation, as he soaks his pants. Some gentleman!

14. tinkering until...- Pokemon Diamond and Pearl- Volkner, male omorashi

Volkner gets pretty carried away when he’s tinkering with his machines, working hard to accomplish whatever modifications he’s set his heart on this time. That means that he has a pretty good ability to shut out anything other than what he is currently doing, the rest of the world completely falling away as he becomes wrapped up in his tech work.

Unfortunately, that means that he doesn’t notice his own needs, more often than not. If it’s just him getting hungry or thirsty, or working himself to exhaustion, then it’s just an inconvenience, but something that he can deal with pretty quickly. If he needs to go to the bathroom, that should be the same, but there are times when he waits just a little bit too long.

When he finally snaps back to reality this time, it is because his bladder is throbbing with absolutely agony, and he realizes that he has never had to pee this badly in all his life. The stabbing pain in his bladder overwhelms him all at once, and even though he knows it’s made worse by sitting down, it’s hard for him to stand up.

Volkner has to make a run for it, if he’s going to make it, but as soon as he does stand, he finds himself doubling over, reflexively jamming a hand between his legs to hold himself. A spurt of liquid escapes, but even though he’s able to stop that for the moment, there is nothing else he can do. It only takes a few hobbling steps towards the bathroom, before he loses control.

Volkner’s pants are quickly soaked through, a dark patch spreading across them and a puddle growing on the floor beneath him. At least there’s no one here to-

“We’re early!” Flint and Candice cry out.

15. she forgets to go- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Iono x Larry, female omorashi

“What do you mean you didn’t go?” Larry asks, his voice already sounding plenty tired. Then again, that makes sense, considering Iono is already bouncing on the balls of her feet, whining and squirming and showing just how desperate she already is.

Apparently, she didn’t go to the bathroom before the two of them left, and now, they’re in the crowded streets of Levincia, with Iono trying to avoid getting stopped by anymore fans, and now, she tells Larry the reason for that is because she’s on the verge of wetting her panties. Because she was so excited to go out that she didn’t think about it until now.

Their relationship is still such a shock to the people of Paldea that going out on dates is always a lengthy and exhausting affair. She should have known things would be complicated, but now, she’s sweating as she tries to figure out what to do. It is hard for her to go in anywhere without being swarmed, especially with the hype surrounding the great surprise that was her reveal of dating Larry.

Going in anywhere to use the bathroom seems out of the question after a few failed attempts, so the only thing they can do is hurry to her apartment. At least there, she might be able to get privacy. It’s a bit of a struggle to make that trip, though, so even deciding that this is what she wants to do is not enough to get her to her relief.

Even getting inside the building is quite the struggle with the people who want a chance to see the Supercharged Streamer out with her Exceptional Everyman of a boyfriend. By the time she’s actually on the elevator up, past security so that she is at least free from fans stopping her, Iono has to hold herself, both hands jammed between her legs as she squirms in place.

Larry tries to pretend the excitement that starts to grow when he sees her like this.

At last, they make it to her floor, and he unlocks the door so that she doesn’t have to stop holding herself until she reaches her bathroom. Unfortunately, as it turns out, Iono doesn’t end up reaching her bathroom, and wets herself while still in plain sight of Larry.

He’s not the best at comforting, but is still willing to try, until…

“So, why’re you hard?”

16. dance til you...- Pokemon X & Y- Tierno x Serena, male omorashi

This sort of competition isn’t based on skill or anything, but a win is a win, practice is practice, and endurance is still very important for a dancer. That’s why Tierno wants so badly to win the Dance Til Ya Drop competition, and why he does not allow himself to stop for anything. Not to mention the fact that Serena is there to watch and cheer him on, and h wouldn’t want to let his girlfriend down. After all, he knows just how lucky he is to have someone like her.

Still, by the end of things, when it is just down to him and one other opponent, he almost considers just giving up anyway. One thing he didn’t think about was that he would end up desperate to pee if he were in this for too long, and honestly, he’s surprised he didn’t just sweat it all out. Perhaps he was a bit too hydrated.

Now that things are finally over, though, he’s eager to get through the award ceremony so that he can get to a bathroom. Even though he’s quite exhausted from all the dancing, it’s hard to stand still all the while. Finally, though, he’s free to go, and not a moment too soon.

Tierno is headed straight for the bathroom when Serena suddenly steps out in his way, as if an obstacle meant to keep him from getting to the bathroom. Of course, it’s just his girlfriend there to congratulate him, not some malicious force, but that doesn’t change the fact that, when he stops suddenly to avoid colliding with her, he’s finally pushed past his limits.

Tierno feels pathetic as he stands in front of her, pissing his shorts, while Serena stares on with wide eyes, her reaction impossible to read from her expression.

17. but, really, she loves it- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Ryme x Tulip, female omorashi

“This isn’t fair,” Tulip says, her voice soft and strained.

“It’s not my fault you have a pea sized bladder,” Ryme replies, a sadistic sort of smile on her face. There’s no way for Tulip to try and combat anything that she does, not at any point, but definitely not when she’s fighting against her bursting bladder, forced to hold for as long as Ryme wishes.

They both already know that she’s not going to be able to last that long. In fact, that’s what Ryme is after, no doubt. All the same, Tulip fights as if she stands a chance. She fights as if Ryme will ever show mercy on her, as if having her lover give her a lot to drink before they began could ever end in any other way.

Tulip’s endurance is typically very good, but they’ve been at this for a while, and Ryme has only one goal in mind. No matter how unfair it might be, she’s not letting up, and Tulip, for all her protesting, loves that side to her more than anything. So, even though she whines as she finally pisses herself, that doesn’t change the fact that she actually loves it.

18. relaxed as can be- Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia- Celica, female omorashi, bedwetting

In her dream, Celica is as relaxed as can be. She can feel a slight pressure building in her bladder, but somehow, she does not feel like that is anything worth worrying about. Right now, she is just so comfortable that there doesn’t seem to be a single thing that could cause her problems, but what she doesn’t realize is that that is entirely due to how comfortable her bed feels right now.

After all, this is just a dream, and the warm meadow that she sits in isn’t real at all. She really does have to pee, though, and since she can’t realize that it’s something going on outside of this warm fantasy world, she doesn’t wake up, and the need continues to grow, until finally, the relaxation wins out against the desperation. Even as she begins to empty her bladder, she still does not realize what is going on.

In her dream, she realizes that she doesn’t have panties on as her pee soaks into the earth beneath her, and further relaxation descends on her, as she sighs happily. As she drifts further into her dreams, she doesn’t even notice the sheets growing colder around her, and cutting into her comfort quite a bit. It isn’t until she wakes up in the morning, shivering, that she notices the chill, and realizes that something is wrong.

Humiliation washes over her as she pulls back her blanket to reveal soaked pajamas and sheets. It’s been so long since the last time she wet the bed, and yet, there’s no denying that’s what she has done, as if she were a little girl again. She only hopes that she is able to clean this up all on her own, not wanting anyone else to find out about her little nighttime accident.

19. trevor remains stubborn- Pokemon X & Y- Trevor x Serena, male omorashi

“Don’t laugh,” Trevor whines. “It’s really not funny.”

“I’m sorry,” Serena says, but the way that she giggles does not make it all that convincing. “It’s just, I did tell you to go before, and you said you would, but then…”

“Then I got distracted checking something on my PokeDex and forgot! I know, I was there, you don’t have to remind me,” he protests. A hand is jammed between his leg as he fights the battle against his bladder, not sure how long he can last, not sure if he is capable of winning at all. It will be a while before they reach anywhere with a bathroom.

“I still say you should just go behind a tree or something,” Serena continues. “I promise, I’ll stand guard and not peek, and even cover my ears so I don’t hear anything.”

“I already told you, I just can’t do that!” It’s humiliating to hold himself and dance around like he’s got more energy than Tierno, but that is far too much for him. Trevor would rather take his chances with holding it, but Serena can tell he is nearing his limit, whether he can see that or not.

Still, he remains stubborn. No matter how Serena tries to convince him, or even tries to fluster him into it by teasing him, he never gives in, and then, it is too late for him. As he tries to fight it, he finds there’s nothing he can do to stop his bladder from giving in. He’s sure that Serena will laugh at him, and is fairly certain he deserves it, when he does start to wet himself.

However, Serena doesn’t know what she feels at that moment, only knowing that she does not feel like laughing. It’s not a bad feeling, though.

20. white pants- Fire Emblem: Engage- Amber x FAlear, male omorashi

Amber is doing his best to keep his cool right now, but things could be going a lot better. For one thing, it’s very rare that anyone would refer to him as cool, but another, much bigger factor right now is how full his bladder is, leaving him absolutely frantic.

Ordinarily, this wouldn’t be much of a problem, since there isn’t anyone else around, and he’s outdoors right now. But this is the Somniel, and he doubts he can just pee anywhere he wants up here! Maybe down on the ground, it’s fine to find a tree or even a thick enough patch of grass, but this is sacred ground. Surely he will be damned for all eternity if he desecrates it by relieving himself out in the open.

Which means that he has to get to a bathroom quickly, before he loses control and ends up doing that anyway. That’s what he keeps repeating, over and over again in his mind, but he can’t predict that something will get in his way, something that he just can’t help stopping for. After all, there’s no one that he wants to spend time with more than Alear, for a variety of reasons.

Still, right now, the only thing he wants to do is make excuses for why he needs to leave, to get her to wait for him without admitting the fact that he’s on the verge of-

Amber doesn’t have a chance to make it, but he isn’t able to get away either, and his white pants show quite the stain when he begins to wet himself. It takes her a moment to realize what’s happening, but then his divine crush gawks at him, eyes wide as she watches Amber piss himself, pathetic excuse for a hero that he is.

*002*2023-11-12 18:23

1. a free period might not be enough to cover this- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Hassel, male omorashi

Hassel is about to cry in front of his students again, and not for one of the usual reasons this time.

Not at all, because he isn’t working himself into an emotional frenzy due to the beauty of the subjects of one of his lessons, or anything like that. No, there are tears welling up in his eyes because of the strain that he feels on his bladder, so desperate right now that he is not sure how he is going to hold it until class is over.

It’s entirely possible that he won’t be able to hold it, and what then? Who will hold any respect for him, as a teacher or as anyone else, if he wets himself in front of his students at his age? The mere thought is enough to make him want to bawl from humiliation, which, of course, only makes matters worse for him. All he can do is try to conceal his need as much as possible, shuffling his feet whenever he can get away with it, and cutting his lecture much, much shorter than he’d intended, all so that he can retreat to the safety behind his desk.

There, he has a bit more freedom to squirm, where his students can’t see him, more focused on their projects. Every now and then, he lets his hand drop down to his lap and squeeze, but only for a moment, not daring to risk getting caught. The wait for class to end is torture, and he is so glad that he has a free period after this, so that he can take his time getting to the bathroom.

As it turns out, he really does need that free period, but not to get to the bathroom. As the last student exits, he loses control.

2. too much to unpack- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Leopold x Waldemar, male omorashi

The first time the two of them kiss is after a party, one that they perhaps should not have been at, hosted by a fellow house mate, and not remotely school sanctioned. Waldemar acts as if he would rather be anywhere else, but still follows Leopold around all night long, even though he knows he’s free to leave at any time. It’s becoming all the more obvious what’s going on here, and perhaps that’s why Leopold ends up drinking far too much.

That, or it could be a desire to prove that he is as tough in that regard as he is in any other- though his lack of practice would insist otherwise. Soon enough, Waldemar finds himself playing the role of a nagging babysitter, doing his best to keep Leopold as much out of trouble as possible, though by now, it seems a bit too late for that. The best he can hope for is getting his childhood friend alone, to see if he can help sober him up.

That’s the plan, but then he finds himself pressed against a wall as Leopold stands on his toes and pulls him down to meet his lips. He’s always getting far too carried away, just like this, and the alcohol does not do him any favors there. It’s not doing him any favors in any regard, but he is too lost in the haze of his first kiss to think about the way it has been betraying him nearly from the start.

He doesn’t even realize that he’s pissing himself until he’s already started to soak the both of them, and Waldemar has pulled back in shock. Before he can work through this haze and figure out something to say, Waldemar huffs, and pulls him- still pissing!- into another, fiercer kiss.

3. following clavell's directions- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Juliana x Clavell, female omorashi, student-teacher

“Are you alright, Miss Juliana?” Clavell asks her, acting so cordial, so clueless, as if he doesn’t know exactly what is going on with her.

When the two of them share a picnic on the school’s grounds, they have to keep things subdued, a director and a student, sharing a casual and innocent lunch. Discussing school business and treasure hunts, and whatever the Pokemon League is up to. It’s times like these that he loves to challenge her, though, and right now, it’s becoming nearly impossible to hide how badly she needs to pee.

She has been holding it all day, at his insistence, and now, she is nearly at her limit. Clavell can see the way that she fidgets where she sits, can see the way she bites her lip and has barely touched the drink in her thermos. Fortunately, their meal is nearly at an end, and then, they can retreat to his office, and have a bit of privacy.

Even though it seems nearly impossible to hold back for that long, somehow, Juliana manages to survive the agony of finishing their lunch, packing up the picnic, and the slow pace Clavell takes as they walk back to his office. Each step is like torture, and so, as soon as the door has closed behind her, she lets go.

Clavell watches her with an imperceptible expression as he watches her make a mess of his floor, soaking her shorts as it runs down her legs. He isn’t disappointed in her, nor is he shocked by this at all, and she knows that this is exactly what he wanted when he gave her this tricky order. It leaves her breathless, from the euphoria of the relief, and from some other thrill, a throbbing heat that grows between her legs.

4. papa- Fire Emblem: Engage- Veyle x MAlear, sibling incest, age play/daddy kink, diapers, mild wetting

There are so many experiences that Veyle has missed out on, so many things that have been outright lost over the years, and just as many things that Alear has never gotten to experience, let alone that he can remember. It only seems natural that the siblings would come together like this, and if their relationship isn’t exactly conventional…well, that’s to be expected, to some degree.

Veyle is such a good little sister, and all she wants is the chance to be loved, the way she can never remember being coddled as a little girl. Alear has always wanted to show her that sort of love, he is sure of it, even if he can’t remember those times. He must have always loved her so dearly, and now that the two of them share a love that goes beyond the bond of siblings, they take their time together to explore that.

Veyle makes for a cute baby, even at her age. Alear has had to go through quite a lot of effort to get her such an extensive wardrobe, and all the supplies that they would need, all in her size. He owes more than a few favors around the Somniel, and honestly begins to fear that it might soon become something of an open secret.

Regardless, it all feels worth it, when he can walk into her room and find her dressed in one of her special outfits- a baby’s onesie, with a bonnet on and everything. On top of that, it is clear that she is wearing a diaper underneath it. Not only that, but it seems that she has been playing with her toys for a while- either that, or she was quite bust before she got dressed for him like this.

Whatever the case, she has been too distracted to think about going to the bathroom, and now, she squirming in place, not seeming to notice as she looks up at him and grins. “Papa!” she cries, ecstatic. At first, it had been a lot to get used to, hearing her call him something like that, knowing all the baggage that it carries. But it is something that only exists in this space, and slowly, he has been able to reclaim it for himself.

Now, he is proud to be her papa, and quite pleased with how excited she is when he walks in the room. Even though she was so focused on playing that she didn’t notice how badly she needed to pee, she immediately drops everything for him, all so that she can jump up. Veyle is so excited that she actually jumps in place for a moment, before running up, and jumping into his arms.

He catches her, his hands rested under her rear, as she throws her arms around his neck. That is why he is able to feel the way her diaper swells as she loses control of her bladder, that excited by his return. Veyle hardly seems to notice.

5. total pda moment- Pokemon Sword & Shield- Kabu x Raihan, male omorashi

Ever since the two of them have gone public with their relationship, Raihan has been impossible to control. He is so damn proud that he finally managed to bag the Motostoke gym leader that he will do anything and everything that he can to flaunt that relationship. Public events for the Pokemon League are his favorite venues, because it means that everyone who actually knows the two of them get to see it up close and personal.

Plus, there are more than a few paparazzi shots that make it into the tabloids the next day, and Raihan definitely loves knowing that the general public is also talking about his relationship.

Kabu can get a little overwhelmed by all of the attention, but, for the most part, he finds it endearing. It’s only when it causes him trouble that it’s a problem, but unfortunately, that means that it’s a problem right now. They’ve been at this gala for a while now, and Raihan has not let Kabu out of his sight for even a moment. Even when Kabu has tried, on multiple occasions, to excuse himself to the bathroom, Raihan doesn’t want their public make outs, and now, he has to piss.

Quite badly, actually, and he has a feeling that Raihan’s aware of that as well, and that that might have a hand in why he won’t stop being so damn clingy. It’s hard to even enjoy the heat of Raihan’s body, practically curled around his as he pushes him into the wall behind him, leaning down to kiss him, and, fuck, the way he pushes forward is digging into his bladder, and-

In the end, Kabu can only be grateful that he’s wearing dark pants, and that Raihan is able to shield him from view, since he can’t last.

6. naughty ichigo- Bleach- Nelliel x Ichigo, female omorashi, watersports

“You’re such a naughty boy, Ichigo,” Nelliel says, her tone so playful that he could never take her scolding seriously. She is definitely capable of scolding, but when she gets excited like this, she can’t hold herself back all that well. Not to mention the fact that she has something else on her mind that distracts her from keeping up any sort of act.

Ichigo doesn’t mind one way or another. He can’t deny, he enjoys when she gets all maternal and authoritative on him, but he first started to fall for her when she was the biggest brat he’d ever known. If anyone can appreciate Nelliel’s range, he would like to think that he fits the bill. And, most important of all, right now isn’t really about her actions.

Right now is all about what she’s about to do to him, and the reason that she just called him naughty. He’s the naughty one because he wanted it in the first place, and because he’s the recipient, and she’s still trying to play things up, as best as she can when she is probably nearing a breaking point. Nelliel always gets too excited when they try something new and tends to overdo it.

That’s why she can’t stop squirming the whole time she taunts him for being such a “naughty boy,” and why she can’t even keep that up for long, before she has to get on with it. Still, he has no complaints, because he knows what exactly what he’s here for, exactly why he lays back as she stands over him, relaxing her bladder and finally letting go. Whatever she wants to say about him, act or not, she’d probably be right, because Ichigo has never felt better than now, with his girlfriend pissing directly on him.

7. almost inspiring- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Brassius, male omorashi

The way these battles drag out, its a wonder Brassius is ever able to hold it until the end. Though, truth be told, he’s only thinking that way because he’s being dramatic right now, his desperation driving him to it. He normally doesn’t struggle quite so much, but this trainer seems to think that they can brute force their way through his team with only a Water type.

The Water type moves don’t do much to his Pokemon, but they are quite effective against his bladder, to the point that it becomes hard to conceal his need from the crowd around him. It’s nothing short of a miracle that he manages to make it to the end, even if he claims his victory rather easily.

Shuffling away, he can’t even bring himself to make a dramatic exit, knowing that he will surely face public humiliation if he sticks around for even a moment longer. Instead, he finds a place to hide, where he can slump back against a wall, his knees too weak to support him, as his bladder finally gives out. The relief is almost inspiring, but Brassius isn’t sure if he wants to share this sort of experience.

8. feel better?- Bleach- Ulquiorra x Orihime, male desperation, barely making it

Orihime can tell, even if he doesn’t say anything. He wishes that made this easier, but it honestly only makes it worse. Ulquiorra would rather her not know the problem at all, and to be forced to try and keep her clueless, then for her to keep shooting him sympathetic looks as they try and make their way back to her home. Moments like this make him question everything to do with his new life, and wonder if any of this is worth the complications that come with living as a human.

But, if he were to actually doubt the life he has with Orihime, and just because he sometimes really needs to pee, then he doubts he ever would have had the strength to end up here to begin with. Cursing his fate doesn’t do anything for him one way or the other, and as embarrassing as Orihime’s sympathetic looks may be, it’s better to have someone as compassionate as her, than someone who would mock him for the fact that he still struggles to gauge his own limits in this body.

Every step hurts, but they’re almost back now. The fact that he isn’t entirely comfortable going out yet, and therefore has a complete aversion to public bathrooms, only makes situations like this all the more frequent. Though the worst has not happened yet, he still worries every time that it will. Orihime would be pleasant about the whole thing, of course, but he’d still sooner die than piss himself in front of her.

He makes it this time, just as he has every time before, but once again, he worries he nearly cut it too close. Relief washes that worry away, though, and at least now, the problem is solved.

“Feel better?” Orihime asks, when he returns.

9. she was probably acting well- Pokemon X & Y- Diantha, female omorashi

Diantha’s smile is a bit pained as she bids the challenger farewell. They did a wonderful job, but weren’t quite able to steal her title from her. She’ll remain champion a bit longer, which is nice, but all she really wants is for them to leave, and as quickly as possible.

It looked like they had a chance to win, more than once. The battle was nearly even at so many points, causing it to drag out for much longer than necessary. Now, Diantha doesn’t even think she’ll be able to make it to a bathroom, once they finally leave.

Her bladder is stretched to its very limit, so full that she’s pretty sure there’s a slight bulge to her stomach, one that she prays that trainer never noticed. But, finally, they’re giving her a chance to have some privacy. Even a few steps would surely be too much for her, so she might as well give up now, rather than push herself a moment longer.

Her legs feel weak as she begins to wet herself, letting it all come gushing out of her. Diantha leans against the wall for support, sighing with the greatest relief that she’s ever felt.

10. straight to the point- Fire Force- Karim x Huo Yan, male omorashi

“Something wrong?” Huo Yan asks, snapping Karim out of his thoughts. Not that they were particularly enlightening thoughts, or anything like that. He’s just been a bit distracted, is all, and it is honestly not all that surprising that Huo Yan was able to pick up on that, and thinks that there might be some kind of problem.

Maybe there is, but not something that Karim wants to talk about, and nothing major enough to warrant any real concern.

“No,” he replies, his voice nice and steady. He is doing his best not to give away what the problem is, but things are getting really bad for him. It may not be anything major, but it’s still a huge pain, and Karim is starting to wonder just how much longer he can handle this. It’s been a long time since he has had to pee this badly, but they have nearly made it back to the cathedral.

If he honestly can’t make it until they get back, he’s not sure just how pathetic that would make him, but either way, it’s way too pathetic for a grown man like him, and a lieutenant, no less! He can make it, if he just keeps enduring this, but he struggles to sit still, struggles to keep his voice from wavering when he speaks, and, though he is hardly able to speak, actually managing to keep things brief for once, he likes to think that he’s doing a good job of this.

Apparently he is doing such a good job that Huo Yan doesn’t realize he needs privacy once they’re back and walking together, following along beside him and continuing to talk to him, a bit chattier than usual and hardly seeming to notice that it’s the opposite case for Karim. There’s no reason for him not to stick close by his friend, but by now, Karim is finding it difficult to walk, and that is enough to catch his notice.

“Are you sure you’re alright? You’re still acting kind of…”

“Bathroom,” Karim mutters under his breath, cheeks burning in embarrassment. He really hates being all blunt like that, but it’s past urgent now. All attempts to conceal his need have only pushed his limits that much more, and now, without much warning, he is already at his limit. They aren’t that far now, but is he going to make it? Can he get Huo Yan to leave him alone without his friend guessing at what’s going to happen once he leaves?

“Oh! I didn’t…” Huo Yan is blushing a bit as well, still somehow clueless to just how urgent things are. “Well, I guess we can finish this later, maybe at dinner, and…Karim…?”

There was just no way for him to get rid of the other man fast enough. Karim grits his teeth and curses under his breath, and fights with all he has to stop it, but he can’t, not until his bladder is empty. Huo Yan still hasn’t left.

*003*2023-11-13 15:20

1. taking his orders- Bleach- Marechiyo x Soi Fon, male omorashi, under-negotiated kink

Marechiyo is in agony, and even though that’s not much of a surprise, considering who it is that he’s dealing with, it’s still a surprise that this is what Soi Fon has decided to put him through today. And it was definitely intentional, a direct order from her that she refused to explain to him, and now, she stares him down with that sadistic glint in her eyes, so he knows that, for whatever reason, she is enjoying the sight.

As her underling, he got plenty of practice at taking orders from her, but, as it turns out, he enjoys taking orders from her in the bedroom even more than that. That’s why, as weird as this one is, he didn’t question it at all before agreeing to it, even though now, he’s starting to wonder about that. If she didn’t get all shy whenever he tried to get more information about her kinks out of her, it might be easier, but she’ll yell and clam up if he asks why she likes this.

As things are, he’s not going to be able to hold it much longer, not that telling her about this would do him any good. She made it clear from the start that he was supposed to hold it until he couldn’t anymore, and when he’d first asked what would happen then, all she’d done is shoot him an angry look and snapped, “You tell me!”

So, he knows what she wants. And if he’s already so close to his limit that his bladder is throbbing in agony, and if she wants to see him do it anyway, he decides he might as well just let go. There’s no mistaking the way her face flushes in delight as he begins to piss himself, just for her.

2. better than me- Sk8 the Infinity- Reki x Miya, male omorashi, holding contest

“Do you actually think you’re better than me?” Miya grumbles, squirming so much for someone who claims to be just fine right now, for someone who claims that he will win without any trouble. That’s not to say that this is any walk in the park for Reki, but even with the way his bladder is throbbing right now, he isn’t concerned about his competition in the slightest.

This whole contest was Miya’s idea in the first place, a spur of the moment bet that he refused to explain, getting so flustered that Reki knew better than to press too hard. Miya’s reactions were all he needed to understand just what this really meant to him, so now, he’s playing along. They both have to piss pretty badly, but Miya can’t hold still for a second, and keeps trying to engage Reki in trash talk, probably trying to distract himself.

“It’s alright if you wanna give up,” Reki says, instead of giving an answer to Miya’s question. “You’ll feel so much better when you do.”

“As if! I’m going to win this, so…so…!”

There’s actually no way that Miya can win this. Unless, of course…

“Really? Well, your choice I guess. As for me…” Reki lets out a sigh of relief, as he relaxes completely, letting go and pissing himself without further hesitation. It is all very worth it, just for the look of shock on Miya’s face, but the relief that he feels isn’t half bad either.

“You…you idiot, you just gave up!” his boyfriend cries, but then, his eyes widen and he whimpers a bit. Later, he will probably claim that it was on purpose as well, since the contest was already won, but in the moment, it’s clear that he has genuinely lost all control.

3. don't party too hardy- Fire Emblem: Engage- Pandreo x Framme, mutual omorashi, public humiliation

Framme has turned out to be quite the little party animal. Pandreo has to admit that he’s surprised that she is so capable of keeping up with him, even with the obvious energy that she has. When the two of them first started to spend more time together, bonding over their mutual reverence for the Divine One, he knew at once that he would want to invite her to one of his parties, but he never could have imagined that he might find a rival in Framme.

It feels silly, when she is still basically just a kid, but it’s not as if this is a negative rivalry, or anything like that. When it comes to a partying rivalry, it just means that he has that much more fun when he is with her, both feeding off the other’s energy, and doing whatever they can to keep up with the mood. All the while, it becomes easier for him to forget just how young she is, in favor of his growing attraction to her.

Tonight, that isn’t the most major thing on his mind at the moment, for once. Instead, it’s the fact that the two of them have been going pretty hard all night, and that he has not slowed down for a moment. Pandreo has not been left with a chance for a single break, between his actual duties as the host of this party, and the way that he is trying to compete with Framme. That means that he can’t even remember the last time that he went to the bathroom, but, even though he knows he should make his next trip soon, he keeps trying to ignore his own throbbing bladder.

Framme hasn’t taken a single break all night either, and she is basically a little girl. Even though that fact does not make him feel better about the way he crushes on her, it does urge him to keep trying to hold it. How could he take a break from partying for something like that, when a kid is able to handle herself without a problem?

Of course, he has no way of knowing that she is just hiding her own desperation, fighting with all that she has to not show how close she is to wetting herself. She doesn’t know why she takes this so seriously, except for the fact that it’s fun, and that she feels some desire to impress Pandreo that she can’t explain, one that makes her pulse flutter. So she keeps holding it, even though she is nearing her limit, and even though she is pushing him closer to his limit, the two of them making this situation impossible both for themselves and each other.

It’s hard to say which one loses control first, because, soon enough, both Pandreo and Framme are wetting themselves, right there in the middle of the crowded party, where there is no way for either to hide what’s happened. All eyes are now on them.

4. just before- Mobile Suit Gundam- Garma x original male character (tis my self insert), male omorashi

Garma bites down hard on his lip and shifts in his seat, the look of pure misery on his face both absolutely pitiful, and the most delicious thing that Zapp has ever seen in his entire life. He is pretty sure he will never be able to figure out how he can simultaneously be so protective of Garma, and get such a thrill out of seeing him in duress like this, but as long as Garma sees no reason to question it, then he supposes that it’s nothing he needs to worry about.

Right now, the only thing either of them need to worry about is whether or not Garma will be able to make it, though things are looking good for him by now. They have almost returned home, and then, it will just be a matter of getting from the door to the bathroom. This car ride has felt like an eternity, but it’s almost at an end.

Garma finds himself in this sort of position way too often, and even though it frustrates him to no end, Zapp can’t help being a little glad that, no matter how hard he tries to avoid it, it still happens. He’s convinced that he should have more control over himself, but so many times, he finds his responsibilities taking up so much of his time that he doesn’t have time to go to the bathroom, until he’s already bursting. Zapp has had to cover for him more than once when he simply couldn’t take it anymore and had to disappear to the bathroom during formal functions.

At last, the car slows to a stop, and then, the driver opens the door for them. Garma has already unbuckled his seatbelt with shaking hands, in such a hurry to get out that he doesn’t give Zapp his usual chance to get out first and offer Garma his arm. As if remembering at the last second, he turns around to offer Zapp his arm instead, helping his husband out of the car, before immediately breaking into a brisk, pained pace.

Garma is going to make it, but only barely, and either way, Zapp has no intention of letting him go to the bathroom. Once the two of them are in their bedroom, he stops Garma, grabbing his arm before he can cross it to the en suite. When Garma looks back at him, he says, “Come on, you knew I’d want to…you know…”

For all the confidence he had to grab Garma, he can’t actually come out and say it. Despite his urgent situation, Garma gives him a playful smile as if to tease him for his shyness, before nodding. “Of course, Zapp. Just…please hurry, alright? I’m just barely holding on…”

Zapp gets down on his knees and begins undoing Garma’s pants. He doesn’t comment on the slight damp spot in his underwear, instead taking Garma’s cock in his mouth, and looking up with an eager glint in his eyes, ready.

5. another amber misadventure- Fire Emblem: Engage- Amber x Seadall, male omorashi

Amber is in genuinely in a hurry to reach the bathroom when he runs into Seadall, and he doesn’t intend to get sidetracked talking to the dancer. In fact, his need to remain jogging in place so he doesn't spring a leak should be proof enough that he has no time for this, but there's just something about Seadall that makes it impossible for him to think sensibly. And so, Amber wastes precious time he doesn’t have talking to Seadall.

"Amber!" Seadall says, a warm smile spreading across his face- one that makes Amber's heart throb, and does nothing for the case of his aching bladder. "What have you been up to?"

"Seadall." Amber returns the smile as best he can, trying to remember what it is he's supposed to say in a conversation, and not just stare like an idiot. And squirm where he stands, which does nothing to help him, but his desperation is only worsening.

"You don't look so well, Amber," Seadall notes, frowning. "Is something the matter?"

"It's...well..." Amber shifts from foot to foot, trying not to think too hard about how his bladder is screaming out for release.

"You're a little twitchy, Amber." Seadall seems genuinely concerned, and that makes things even worse for poor Amber. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

"No, really, I..." Amber trails off, knowing he should just excuse himself and take care of his desperate situation. But it's alright too late for him- his bladder gives a throb of warning, and a small stream of urine starts to trickle out into his underwear. "Oh, no, no, no, no..."

"Amber?" Seadall frowns. "Amber, is everything...?" But he's too late, because Amber is already crying out, unable to hold it in a second longer. And though he tries to fight it, it's no use, and soon enough, his piss is flooding out of him in a steady stream, forming a puddle on the ground.

"Amber! Did you…are you…" Seadall is flustered, and he can't seem to find the right words, but that doesn't surprise Amber much. What does surprise him is how quickly Seadall regains his composure. He steps forward, wrapping an arm around the trembling boy. "Come on, I'll get you back to your room."

"Seadall...?" Amber murmurs.

“Don’t worry, I’ll help you.” It’s not how Amber would have expected to get closer, but it’s still something.

6. a way to tease her- Fire Emblem: Engage- Veyle x MAlear, female omorashi, sibling incest, tickling

When Alear first tickles Veyle, he’s just teasing her. He doesn’t expect her to react as strongly as she does, or to end up as excited as it does, but it turns out that both she is incredibly ticklish and he is incredibly turned on by that fact. And so, he can’t help himself; whenever an opportunity presents itself, he just has to tickle his little sister.

Sometimes it isn't even about getting him off, or her, at first, either. It's just a bit of fun, or a way of teasing her, or of getting a rise out of her, just because she looks so cute when she's that overwhelmed. But the longer they play the game, the more often it becomes an excuse to make her wet herself.

She doesn’t get embarrassed anymore. The first time, she was mortified and couldn't look Alear in the eye when she'd laughed hard enough to pee herself. She'd even cried a little, feeling bad about it and not sure how he was going to react. But he'd not only been completely understanding; he'd only been that more excited by her accident.

Now, she's not nearly as embarrassed by it, and the more they play the game, the better she feels. She loves the feel of Alear tickling her and teasing her until she loses control, and loves the way he always reacts when she wets herself for him. When his fingers dance along her sides, her legs, her hips, her thighs, she knows that the gigglier she gets, the closer she is to the end.

And even though she knows the outcome, she still tries not to let it happen. She fights the tickling, the laughter, the pressure on her bladder. She twists and turns and flails and struggles, to no avail.

7. a day to prove himself- Mobile Suit Gundam- Garma x Sasro, male omorashi, implied sexual content/sibling incest

Garma tries to hold out, he really does. He knows that today is an important day for him, if only because it’s the first time he feels like Sasro has acknowledged him at all. Of his older brothers, Dozle is the only one who pays Garma any real mind, but today, the young heir is permitted to observe Sasro while he watches. It’s just his luck that he didn’t find out where a bathroom was, and now, he squirms where he sits, too nervous to ask.

He does try to hold out, but then, his poor, strained bladder can’t take it anymore, and even though he tries to swallow a whimper, there’s no suppressing the sound of his urine puddling on the floor beneath him. There’s no hiding this humiliating accident from his older brother, and Garma can feel tears welling up in his eyes long before Sasro looks up at him.

All his brother does is sigh, before he says, “Garma. You know you’re going to have to clean that up, don’t you?”

“I…yes, big brother. I’m really sorry, I…”

“You could have spoken up at any point. You’re going to have to learn how to take care of yourself eventually; I told Father this sort of thing would happen if he kept babying you.” By the end, Sasro is more talking to himself than scolding Garma, but it humiliates him all the same.

“Before you start cleaning, come over here and get under my desk. You know what you need to do to pay your big brother back for wasting his time, and making a mess of his office, right?”

This, at least, is familiar to Garma- something of a family tradition, honestly. And so, on his knees, he can pay Sasro back and prove some worth.

8. attempting for anthy- Revolutionary Girl Utena- Utena x Anthy, female omorashi, holding together

Utena still isn’t completely, one hundred percent sure about this. She’s going to go through with it, because she promised Anthy that she would, and the other girl seemed so sincere when she asked for this, and so happy when Utena had finally agreed. Besides, at least it is something that the two of them are doing together.

By now, her bladder is already so full that there’s no backing out, anyway. She can tell that Anthy is rather desperate as well, and that’s exactly what the plan was; the two of them are holding it together, waiting to see which of them will lose control first.

So far, Anthy is holding out better than Utena expected. She has always known the other girl to be incredibly composed, and she certainly doesn’t show any signs of needing to pee as badly as she must. Still, Utena doesn’t let herself give up just yet. After all, she has been known to hide her feelings fairly well when she has to.

It's only when she realizes how quickly she's become competitive that she also realizes she's become excited as well. She's a little embarrassed by that, but then, she's at least starting to understand what Anthy sees in all this. Of course, the more excited she gets, the worse the problem becomes. She tries her best to ignore it, to hold out until she has some sort of advantage, but i's becoming difficult, and she isn't even sure that she can even last.

In the end, Utena is the first to lose control, but then, Anthy is right there with her, the two of them relieving themselves at nearly the same time, the feeling so much more intense than it usually is, and Utena can't help letting out a low, needy moan.

9. with kycilia on his lap- Mobile Suit Gundam- Gihren x Kycilia, male omorashi, sibling incest

Work Text:

Gihren’s bladder throbs in protest, and the way Kycilia shifts against him only makes it that much harder for him to hold back. It would be no trouble to push his younger sister off his lap, so that he can get up and take care of this problem. In fact, he knows that, at this point, she’s not going to get up unless he makes her, and he has no hope of winning this by trying to wait it out.

All the same, proud man that he is, he tries to call her bluff, and tries to ignore how desperate he is to piss, while Kycilia remains planted on his lap. Her hands move slowly, but deliberately, and they reach out to press against his lower abdomen.

Gihren bites his lip, and it takes all he has not to groan.

His sister leans forward, pressing her cheek against his, and whispers, in a voice that is far too teasing, considering the situation, “You should go ahead and give in, Gihren. You can pretend you don't have to piss as much as you like, but I'm not moving from here until you've pissed yourself. Don't you think this is what you deserve, for being so stubborn all the time? This is only what you have coming to you, big brother, so don't be afraid to give in, alright? You don't need to be so embarrassed."

She's overselling it, and he would tease her for that, if not for the fact that, when she's got the upper hand like this, her dramatics feel almost intimidating. And he can't hold it for much longer, no matter how he tries. His legs shift, his face grows warm, and a soft whimper escapes him.

"Kycilia," he groans, and though he intends it as a protest, her name comes out sounding more like a moan, and more like a desperate plea.

She's not satisfied with that, though. "What is it, Gihren?" she asks, her hands rubbing over his stomach. "Go ahead, say what you want. You can do that much, can't you?"

He can't. Even if he could, it would be too late, his bladder throbs and, with another pained groan, Gihren pisses himself. There is an instant relief, followed by a rush of humiliation. It seems to come on as suddenly as his loss of control, and the heat spreads across his face even more quickly than the dampness spreads across his lap, and soaking into the seat of Kycilia's pants.

"That's better, isn't it, Gihren?" she asks, her voice sweet. Too sweet, really. As he begins to come down from his dizzying relief, he realizes just how far he has fallen, from something so simple. He's humiliated and wet and sticky, and, even worse, he knows that he has no one to blame but himself, and his own stubborn pride.

"Kycilia, please get off of me," he says, but his voice sounds too quiet, even to his own ears. He is, for now, defeated.

10. with kycilia in chains- Mobile Suit Gundam- Gihren x Kycilia, female omorashi, bondage, sibling incest

Gihren has had her cuffed for quite a while now, and Kycilia still tries to hide her growing discomfort, even knowing that there’s no way out of this for her. His method is a bit more direct, and allows her no chance of escape- in that way, he knows that it’s not nearly as effective as the way she sat on his lap, and forced him to choose his humiliation over admitting to his own needs. However, he also knows that it wouldn’t work on her, not the way that it worked on him.

He will have plenty of chances to think of proper revenge schemes, but for right now, he just needs instant gratification. The instant gratification that will come from watching his sister piss herself, forced to because he left her cuffed up for too long. Kycilia may be able to hold her tongue, but her body will betray her, and once it does, there is nothing that she can do about it.

And, sure enough, her composure finally begins to crack, and Gihren can tell by the way she shifts that she is trying to keep her muscles tensed. Even when she can no longer keep herself from shifting, he continues to sit there, watching her struggle with a smile. There is nothing else for her to do but struggle, and little that she can do to ease the pressure when her hands are bound.

He knows that she is about to give in, a small cry of desperation slipping past her lips. Her pride is strong, but the human body is only so strong, and her need is finally too much for her to bear, and after that cry, her body finally betrays her. At least for the moment, the sight of her humiliation satisfies Gihren.

*004*2023-11-25 21:45

1. question after question- Mobile Suit Gundam- Kycilia Zabi, female omorashi, public humiliation

Behind her mask, Kycilia can at least conceal just how tense her expression is right now. Beyond that, though, she has to really try to keep her composure, to keep anyone else in this meeting from figuring out what;’s going on with her. Her growing desperation is quickly becoming more than she can handle, but still she is trying to hold it.

It’s not like her to let her bladder get this full, but she’s been more busy than usual today, and now, she has to pee so desperately that she’s starting to doubt she can make it through this meeting after all. She’s been biting her lip for so long now that she’s close to drawing blood, and she has her fists clenched tight in her lap, nails digging into her palms.

If she doesn’t leave soon, she’s not going t make it, and she knows that’d be worse than simply excusing herself, frustrating as any sign of defeat may be. All she can do is try to keep from shaking as she stands, announcing, “I need to excuse myself for a moment.”

Though it’s likely obvious why she’s taking her leave, Char still has the gall to speak up, interrupting her. “Yes, but about…”

If his first question were his last, it wouldn’t be a problem, but he doesn’t stop. Kycilia can barely contain her gasp when she feels a warm trickle, leaking into her panties. All at once, she turns on her heel, intent on ignoring Char so that she doesn’t-

But she does. Right there in the meeting room, a dark stain spreads across the front of her pants, as Kycilia begins to wet herself. Before she’s even finished, she’s already delivered swift orders to keep this top secret. Still, rumors spread not long after.

2. fear training- Bleach- Shuhei x Kaname, male omorashi

Each time, he hopes that he will handle his captain’s bankai better. There are times when he does, and Shuhei can be a bit proud of himself, for at least acting a little less foolish, but other times, his fear catches up to him, sometimes more intense than before, making it seem as if he is only taking steps back. On one such occasion, he is humiliated to a degree that he has never known before.

Shuhei doesn’t even realize it’s happening, not at first. The bankai is released, and he relaxes as his senses return to him…and then, after a moment, he realizes far too late that he feels a lot warmer, a lot wetter, in one particular area, and he can feel his face heating up in his mixture of horror and humiliation.

Shuhei is pissing himself, right in front of the captain he admires more than anything, and even if Kaname can’t see it, there is no doubt that he knows what’s happening, all the same. There is no chance for Shuhei to hide what’s happened to him, the sound of his piss splattering the ground already enough of a giveaway, even without Kaname’s heightened senses at work.

“Captain, I…” Is there anything that he can say to excuse himself? It’s not like there is any excuse for pissing himself like a child, especially not after he has managed to make it through this trial before with his clothes dry. He falls silent again, so ashamed that he can’t speak.

Though he isn’t sure exactly how he expects Kaname to respond, he doesn’t expect to be suddenly pulled in close, into a tight embrace. Never would he expect this man to hold him at all, let alone right now, but that is all that Kaname does.

3. she just wants to make the night more interesting- Pokemon Masters- Scottie x Helena, male omorashi, fear wetting

Scottie has been tagging along with Helena all day, on another one of her strange little exploits. He has to admit, he hardly understands what their goal is most of the time, but still he has so much fun with her that he would not trade it for anything in the world. He is so fond of the older girl that he is willing to follow her just about anywhere, so long as he is able to get her attention.

Still, they have been at this for quite a while now, and that has resulted in Scottie neglecting his bladder, perhaps too much. He is going to have to find a chance to excuse himself soon, no matter how embarrassing that may be. Otherwise, something a lot more embarrassing is going to happen to him.

Unfortunately, what he does not realize is that things have already been set into motion, to ensure that most embarrassing outcome. Because Helena has not encountered any genuine paranormal activity today, she has to make sure that something happens, so that this entire outing is not a bust. Not knowing of Scottie’s growing desperation- and perhaps she would not care even if she knew- she has her Haunter prepared to make things a little bit more interesting. She has no idea just how interesting it is about to become.

When her Haunter pops out, scaring Scottie so much that he jumps and yelps, she starts giggling, loving the sight of his cute, scared face. But then, she looks down to see his shorts darkening, and liquid running down his legs, and all at once, she realizes that she has scared the boy so much that she has pissed himself. For her, that is the last straw; she is unable to hold herself back with Scottie.

4. afternoon naps- Pokemon Diamond & Pearl- Caitlin x Darach, female omorashi

Caitlin has been taking a lot of naps lately. She finds that the more she sleeps, the easier it is for her to control her abilities when she is awake, and she desperately wants to prove that she can control herself. There’s so much out there that she’s missing out on, and the sooner she can rein herself in, the better.

Still, there are things that she has to get used to when it comes to sleeping so much more. For instance, she forgets that she shouldn’t enjoy her tea and then decide that she’s ready for a nap; she needs to wait long enough for it to have passed through her, or else she will wake up so desperate to pee that it is a struggle to get out of bed. Sometimes, she does alright with that.

Today is not one of those times, and she isn’t sure if she can make it. She wakes up so desperate that her hands are immediately between her legs, and she lays on her side, holding herself and whining. Why, oh why, did she have to have so much to drink before her nap? More importantly, why has she not learned her lesson by now?

The worst is that she can’t make it without help, and she knows well enough by now: she has no choice but to summon Darach. He knows how much this humiliates her, so he does not comment on anything, simply helping her up while she keeps a hand jammed between her legs, pressing her nightgown to her crotch.

No matter how bad it’s been before, she’s always made it with his help. Today, she isn’t so lucky- they’re still a few feet from the bathroom when she loses control, soaking her gown, while Darach holds her steady.

5. on the overworked side- Bleach- Toshiro x Rangiku, male omorashi

Toshiro taps his foot under his desk, shifting a bit in his seat. This has been bugging him for too long now, to the point that it’s making it hard to focus on his paperwork, but he knows this needs to get done, and as soon as possible. Rangiku is always letting things pile up like this, and though he tries to make her do it all herself, there are times when he has to step in, or else nothing is going to get done on time.

So he finds himself in this position, so desperate to pee that he can hardly focus, but so close to done that he does not want to leave until he has finished. Once it’s over, he can worry about his own needs, and not have to worry about coming to a desk covered in stacks of paper for him to sort through and sign. He’s a trained captain, so naturally, he can handle something like this.

Except he’s been handling it for hours now, telling himself that he can wait a bit longer, and now he’s near his limit, but still pushing it off because he’s so close to done. By the time he does finish his work, he finds that he can barely take a single step upon standing up. Panic sets in as he realizes that, for the first time since he was very small, he has pushed himself beyond what he can handle. He an try and move forward, but it won’t do him any good.

While still trying to make sense of what he should do, the door swings open, and Rangiku herself walks in, just in time to catch sight of her captain, wetting himself like a child. He already knows she’s going to baby him for this.

6. happens too frequently- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Larry, male omorashi

Larry would say that he’s never been in this much pain in all his life, but that would be a pretty big lie, no matter how his body may insist that at the moment. Considering how busy his schedule is, he is used to being in pain like this on a nearly daily basis. So often, he does not have the chance to visit the bathroom when he needs to, and no amount of caution can keep him from getting desperate at an inopportune time.

His brisk walk home is slowed by the pressure in his bladder. He’s so close now, but he’s also getting close to losing control, his underwear damp from the way he has leaked. That’s another thing that Larry has had to get used to; he always leaks, always has damp underwear by the time he is able to properly empty his bladder. He hasn’t pissed himself in a long time, though, so that’s something to be proud of.

Only something to be proud of if he makes it home this time as well, but it’s looking less likely by the moment. He knows his limits very well, and even if he ends up in this kind of pain often, it’s usually not this bad until he’s almost reached the toilet. At least he’s almost home, at least his door is right there, at least he’s unlocking it, even as he shifts from foot to foot, unable to stand still for a moment..

At least…

He leans back against the door, once it has closed behind him, and sighs. Nothing to be proud of today, not when his piss is hissing out of him, puddling on the floor, soaking his pants and- fuck, he hadn’t even taken his nice work shoes off yet. Larry simply sighs.

7. true dedication- Bleach- Kaname Tosen, male omorashi

Kaname is the one who has to pour the tea for everyone.

The meeting is called at the last minute, when he is very much in the middle of something, and was just about to take a much needed break, but still, he drops everything so that he can be at Aizen’s side, serving him just as he always does. And so, he has to pour the tea, while he’s bursting to pee, pretending that he does not hear the way the liquid splashes into each individual glass. He can’t show the slightest sign of discomfort, not where one of the Espada could pick up on it. Or worse, Ichimaru.

Or, worst of all, Aizen.

He has to keep his calm, and pretend as if he is not bothered by such things. No matter what, he has to be capable of holding his bladder for as long as is needed, no matter how great the pressure becomes. This is his own fault for not taking advantage of the chance to go when he first felt the urge. Had he done that, he would not have gotten caught unawares by the meeting, so he has only himself to blame for the way that he subtly fidgets, moving as little as possible to avoid being noticed.

All he has to do now is stand right where he is, and listen attentively to Aizen’s words, no matter how relevant to his own work this meeting may be. Kaname knows and understands his place well. Knowing all of that does not make this any easier, though, and no matter how many times the topics shift, Aizen never seems any closer to wrapping things up. To make things all the worse, with his heightened senses, Kaname can hear every sip and slurp of that damn tea, and it makes his bladder throb all the more.

He has no choice but to allow his fidgets to grow a bit more, and to just hope that no one comments on it. It won’t be long before Aizen figures him out, if he hasn’t already. It also won’t be long until Kaname completely loses control of himself, no matter how hard he may try to fight against his own bladder. If things don’t end soon…

Kaname can’t begin to express how lucky he is that Aizen chooses to end the meeting at that moment. Still, he is not so lucky that he does not find himself rooted to his spot, so desperate that he can’t take a single step, not without risking losing control of his bladder. All he can do is stand there, in his own private agony, until everyone else slowly but surely leaves the room. Only then, when he can no longer sense a single person in the room, does he finally allow himself the chance to let his guard down.

Kaname leans back against the wall as his bladder gives out at long last, and lets out a sigh of relief, sinking to the floor as he lets it all out. It will create quite a mess to clean, but he can deal with that later, once the bliss has worn off.

*005*2024-02-26 15:07

1. haman's injured pride- Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ- Haman Karn, female omorashi

On the outside, Haman has an imposing appearance. She manages to keep up such a facade even at her more desperate of moments, but right now, she isn’t sure if she can manage it for that much longer. It would hardly suit someone of her position, dressed to play the part, to start squirming like a desperate child, but she has never had to pee so badly in all her life.

Some security measure is on the fritz, resulting in her trapped in part of the ship with some of her men, unable to leave until it’s all fixed. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing, but she has to try not to let on, and can only pray this gets resolved quickly. With her fists clenched at her sides, she resists the urge to give even the slightest movement to indicate her need, until…

Finally, just when she’s starting to truly panic, the door slides open, and she is quick to step forward, her soldiers follow after her. Mashymre, who had been trying to reach her on the other side of the door, is right at her side, persistent in checking in on her, even after she’s sworn that she’s fine.

“But, Lady Haman-”

She tries to get rid of him, as well as the others, and make it to her room before the floodgates finally burst, but her luck seems to have finally run out. The pressure becomes too much for her, and her body finally gives in, letting go without warning. Warmth spreads through her panties, and from there, runs down her legs and soaks into the fabric of her pants.

As a puddle begins to form at her feet, her soldiers gasp in shock. Her pride is wounded but still she sharply orders, "This will remain confidential, understood?"

2. rambling in class- Pokemon: Scarlet & Violet- Raifort, female omorashi

Raifort is desperate to pee. She’s fully aware of the fact that her bladder is absolutely throbbing for relief, but she chooses to ignore that to keep on with her lecture. Now that she has gotten to a topic she finds so fascinating, she can’t bring herself to stop teaching for a moment, no matter how badly she needs to pee.

And she does need to pee desperately right now. This was a mistake, but a fun one. Her students know better than to interrupt her. But they can still tell when she is feeling antsy, even though she tries her hardest to stay still, and they can definitely tell that she is in distress. It has been a very long day, and it is getting late in the evening. Raifort had no intention of letting herself get caught in this predicament, but she just got carried away with her own speech. And she has to go so badly.

As the lecturer continues to ramble on, the students all begin to realize what is about to happen. She can't bring herself to stop teaching, so it is only a matter of time until she loses control. A few of the more observant students have already started to notice that the front of her jeans are damp. Raifort has been leaking a little bit and she has not even realized it yet. But then, the dam bursts, and it all comes gushing out of her.

Raifort is unable to contain herself, and she is forced to make a mess of herself right in front of her students. It is absolutely humiliating for her, and yet, she is not even able to stop her lecture then. There were a few desperate students who, seeing this, decide to give up and wet themselves.

3. mutual desperation- Pokemon: Scarlet & Violet- Lacey & Juliana, female omorashi

Juliana knows, in the back of her mind, that Lacey needs to pee right now too, but she is so desperate herself that she can’t really think of anything. She is trying so hard to hold it until she gets to a bathroom, but she has to pee so badly, and there's only so much she can do.

Finally, Juliana stops, her hands balled into fists. "I have to pee. I have to go. I can't hold it, Lacey." She feels the hot stream run down her legs, and it feels amazing to relieve the pressure, even as the pee pours down her legs, onto her shoes and splatters on the floor.

Juliana is mortified when she realizes what's happening. "I'm so sorry, Lacey. I tried to make it, I really did. But I couldn't hold it."

"It's okay, Juliana," Lacey says soothingly. She is still desperately holding herself, but she knows she doesn't have much time before she loses control, too. Still, she wastes that precious time on comforting Juliana, telling her not to worry, it's not her fault. "Don't feel bad. It's just a little accident, you couldn't help it."

And then, suddenly, she feels the pressure building, and she knows she can't fight it any longer. The first jet of pee leaves her body with a hiss, and she quickly joins Juliana in wetting herself. Her panties are soaked through, and she can't help the smile on her face as she looks down at her legs. She knows they are a mess, but she can't bring herself to care.

She looks up at Juliana, who is staring at her in shock. "I'm so sorry, I couldn't help it. I had to go, too."

Juliana finally feels herself relax. It's strange, but Lacey's accident is comforting to her.

4. femslash february day 7- Pokemon Heartgold & Soulsilver- Lyra x Karen, female omorashi

Lyra bounces on her heels, feeling as if her bladder might explode at any moment, if she doesn’t empty it soon. Sitting in front of her, Karen watches her with a hungry smile on her face. Ever since their affair began, she has made her love for watching Lyra hold it until she’s desperate and then wet herself quite clear, and Lyra has been eager to indulge her in it.

She feels so vulnerable like this, he stomach taut and bloated with her need, and she knows that it would take only the slightest provocation to send her over the edge, but she doesn't want that. Not yet. She wants to put off the satisfaction for as long as she can, and to give Karen a proper show of her desperation.

"How bad is it?" Karen murmurs.

"It hurts," says Lyra, and her voice is breathless, strained with the effort of holding on. "I need to pee so bad, Karen, I..."

"Don't," she warns.

Lyra knows what's expected of her, but even with Karen's help, it is hard to hold out. It's only through sheer force of will that she has managed to resist the temptation, and she feels as though she might break down at any second. Her body is trembling, and she's not sure how much longer she will be able to hold out, and the way Karen looks at her with such desire isn't helping at all.

"That's right," Karen says, reaching a hand between her legs, rubbing her fingers against the fabric of her panties, which are already soaked from her arousal.

Lyra can't take it a moment longer, and gives a little cry, and her bladder gives way at last. Her stream hisses, and a warm damp spot begins to spread, until she’s thoroughly soaked.

5. femslash february day 12- Fire Emblem: Engage- Merrin x Timerra, female omorashi

Merrin is trying to keep her cool in front of her princess, but she is not sure just how much she can manage. She swallows hard, and can’t help the way she sweats, her bladder throbbing from the pressure. All the same, she tries to conceal this desperation from Timerra. Merrin has only just become one of the princesses most trusted personal guards, and she does not want to disappoint her. She shifts her weight from foot to foot.

Timerra has no idea that Merrin is bursting. She isn't even paying any attention to the poor, desperate knight in front of her. It is not as if she is purposely being cruel. The princess is just so wrapped up in her own big plans for the day, she does not think to stop and check if anyone has any pressing need to attend to.

Merrin tries not to let her distress show. The fact that her princess is making her stand here waiting is torture. She needs to go right now, or else she's going to end up pissing herself like some kind of child. It's just too bad that her bladder does not seem to understand this. The knight's bladder aches, and it is getting harder and harder to keep holding on. She knows that she can't take much more.

She doesn't expect to lose control so quickly, or so suddenly, but then, she is wetting herself, the urine soaking her shorts and running down her legs. The sound of her pee hitting the floor fills her ears, and Merrin blushes. Her face is burning, and she's sure her entire body is turning red. Her mouth is dry, and her throat is tight, and Timerra is gawking at her, shocked by the display, yet there’s a hint of excitement.

*006*2024-06-21 15:35

1. rushing back from the bathroom- Pokemon- Jasmine, female omorashi

Jasmine has been waiting all day for a challenger to show up to her gym, but today has been going pretty slowly. When she starts to feel a need to pee build up, she tries to ignore it for a little while, wanting to wait and see if anyone else arrives, certain that she can hold it.

She eventually reaches the point where she feels that she cannot wait anymore, so she leaves the spot in her gym where she has been waiting for a challenger all day. She finds the bathroom easily, and rushes in, pulling her dress up as she runs towards the toilet. Just as she's about to sit down, a buzzer sounds, alerting her that someone is requesting a battle.

Jasmine quickly sits on the toilet and pees, feeling some relief as her bladder empties. Her mind is racing, trying to remember what she should do to prepare for a battle. She needs to make sure that she hurries back, and her heart is absolutely pounding in her chest, the excitement quite a bit greater, since she had so much anticipation.

As soon as she's wiped, she takes off running as quick as she can, heading straight for the battle spot. She doesn't even pause to think about how uncomfortable and awkward her gait is as she runs straight to the battlefield, ready to battle the challenger.

"Welcome, challenger, and thank you for waiting for me. My name is Jasmine and I'm the leader of the Olivine Gym!”

Jasmine cuts herself off when she realizes that the challenger has been looking directly at her legs this whole time, a shocked look on her face. Jasmine follows her gaze, looking down to see her panties, still stretched around her ankles. It looks like she forgot something important.

2. april showers day 1- Animal Crossing- Chrissy, female omorashi

Chrissy doesn’t have a toilet in her house. This has lead to a lot of inconvenient moments for her, but she still hasn’t managed to correct that yet. Usually, she manages to find some way to take care of things, but every now and then, there’s nothing she can do to prevent the worst from happening.

On one such day, she finds herself absolutely bursting, and not sure what she is going to do about it. She needs to get to a bathroom as soon as possible, but when she is already so desperate, it’s hard to think clearly, and puts her on a time crunch. The only option that she has is to get to the nearest house, as quickly as possible, and hope that it is one of her neighbors that actually has a toilet for her to use.

Fortunately for her, Lilina the local island rep is the one closest to her. She knows that Lilina has a toilet she can use, but she has to make it there first, and it really feels like she can’t get there soon enough. If she tries to move too quickly, she starts to leak, so she can’t even go as fast as she wants to. Chrissy is absolutely at her limit, and when she finally reaches Lilina’s doorstep, she is dancing in place, a hand between her legs while the other frantically knocks at the door.

As close as she is, it’s still not close enough. As Lilina opens the door, she is met with the sight of Chrissy losing control, her bladder finally giving out, just a few feet away from her goal. All she can do is stand there, frozen, while Lilina watches the puddle growing at their feet in shock.

“Sorry, I…I really needed to…”

3. april showers day 2- Pokemon- Carmine x Florian, female omorashi

Carmine is doing all she can to hide just how badly she needs to pee right now, but the longer she continues to put her need off, the worse it becomes. Florian is going to catch on sooner or later, if she doesn’t find some way to relieve herself, and, either way, it involves Florian finding out that she needs to pee. That’s the most embarrassing thing Carmine can imagine right now, with th exception of actually wetting herself. Which should be enough motivation to give her the nerve to do something about her need, but she’s still too embarrassed for that, as well.

It isn't her fault, she keeps telling herself. She would have gone to the bathroom before they left if only Florian had given her a chance, but, since he was in such a hurry, she didn’t even think to say anything, and now, she really can't get away. And it isn’t like she hasn’t tried! The moment she realized what was happening, she began to search for any way to sneak off to the bathroom. Florian seems to be watching her every move, however, and no matter how many excuses she makes, she can't slip away from him.

So, she has to do something, because her bladder is reaching its limit. Soon enough, her body will make the decision for her, and, at this point, she isn’t sure what will be worse: if she loses control and wets herself in front of her crush, or simply admitting to how desperate she is right now. Unfortunately, her body has its limits, and she is already past the point of being able to hold it.

Florian looks on in shock as she loses control, whimpering as she begins to soak her blue uniform, unable to hold back anymore.

4. april showers day 3- Pokemon- Wallace, male omorashi

For Wallace, this is just a way for him to indulge in his alone time. The Water type gym leader does often get started while he’s still working, since his gym always seems to make him more aware of however full his bladder might be in that moment. Usually, by the time he is done for the day, he needs to pee pretty badly, but that is just when things start for him. Once he can be alone, he starts to drink more, wanting to get all the more full, until he can’t hold back.

The first time that Wallace had given into the pleasure of wetting himself, it had been a very surprising accident, not at all part of his plan. The feeling of warmth had shocked him, as he realized what was happening, and that had made him feel so embarrassed. But even as he stood there, unable to stop himself from emptying his bladder, he found himself becoming more and more into it, finding the warmth and the relief that came with it very pleasant. And, ever since then, he has tried to make his experiences as pleasurable as possible, indulging in wetting whenever he has the chance.

This time, he can feel the pressure building pretty rapidly, and he pushes to see just how far he can go, to test his limits. It is only when his bladder is absolutely bursting, to the point where he feels that he will not be able to hold on for a moment longer, that he finally gives in, letting loose a heavy stream. The relief is instant, and Wallace lets out a sigh of contentment, glad to have waited so long, as it makes the bliss of relief all the more pleasurable.

Now, he gets to enjoy feeling soaked.

5. april showers day 4- Pokemon- Lacey x Florian, female omorashi

Lacey’s doing her best to hide how badly she needs to pee, while she continues giving the tour of the school to Florian. She was already desperate, when she was suddenly called to help introduce the new student, but now, she is so desperate that she can hardly stand it, and still, she has to show Florian around, all while pretending that she does not need to pee, that she is not already on the verge of wetting herself, just from how long that this little tour has gone on.

Florian has already noticed that there is something a bit off about Lacey. He thinks it's kind of cute how she is trying to hide her need to pee. That is part of why he is taking so much interest in everything that she has to show him. Of course, he also likes the tour, and is glad that they are friends now, after a fashion, but he also does want to keep watching her, because he finds it cute that she is so desperate for a piss, and yet, she is pretending to be totally fine, trying to hold back the fact that she needs to go so badly.

But she can only hold back for so long, and, eventually, Lacey is finally unable to hide it anymore. She has to go too badly, and at this point, there is no way that she can resist her bladder anymore. Her muscles are tired from holding on for so long, and there is no way that she will be able to make it, not another second longer. As hard as she fights it, there’s nothing she can do.

Florian doesn’t react the way she expects, though. While she wets herself, shaking and pathetic, he simply comforts her, nothing but sweet.

6. stop laughing, it's not funny- Hazbin Hotel, Vox x Valentino x Velvette, male omorashi

“Stop laughing!” Vox snaps, his voice breaking, distorting, even as he protests. “It’s not funny!”

“Maybe not to you. I think it’s hilarious,” Velvette replies.

“I don’t think it’s funny,” Valentino counters, but despite that, he’s smirking every bit as much as she is.

“It’s been a long fucking day, and this is seriously the last thing I need right now.” It had been a long day, alright, and he hadn’t had a single chance to take a break. Though he had managed to hold it until he could get away from the public, that’s all Vox had been able to manage.

So, yeah, he doesn’t really think the fact that he’d soaked his pants the instant the door had closed behind him, and that the two of them happened to be right there, is really all that funny. His legs are still shaking and his abdomen is still sore from the strain of holding it for so long, and he’s just plain tired.

“I said I don’t think it’s funny,” Val repeats, that smirk growing as he steps in closer. Vox almost flinches away on instinct, but there’s something about the way the other man looks at him that keeps him still. “I think it’s adorable, and pretty hot, and definitely something I’m way more into now. Let me get you all cleaned up, alright?”

“Of course you’re just making it a sex thing,” Vox mumbles, not letting onto how grateful he is, both for the offer, and even for making it a sex thing.

“Holy shit, you two never stop being gross, do you?” Velvette interjects.

“What? You’re not going to join us?” Val teases back, and she rolls her eyes.

“I never said that,” she retorts. “Still, don’t expect me to stop laughing. Because, seriously, it’s funny.”

