In Sickness (An Avengers Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-10-18 19:34

A/N: This little short fic was written as a gift for someone on tumblr. This was written for their prompt, wanting a sick Tony.

There were few things Tony Stark hated more than being sick, but he had not yet found a way to avoid it entirely. Even when he took as many precautions as he could, it sometimes wasn't enough to fight off a cold. He didn't have a particularly weak immune system, but it also wasn't strong enough to ward off every illness that came his way, and he was always struck by a cold once a year.

This year's cold was just as annoying as all the others before it, but, just as he had all the other times, he had to force himself to keep working in spite of it. He and the team were in the middle of a case that he could not very well ignore, and that meant sitting through meetings and discussions.

Though his immune system was not weak, there was something that was- his bladder. And though he had mostly been fine with that, always taking enough bathroom breaks to avoid incident, this became much worse when he was sick. In fact, he found that every time he coughed or sneezed, he would leak a little, even when he didn't have to pee that badly. It was manageable, but it became a pain in the ass when he had to listen to the long winded Captain at meetings.

So when he found himself in need of a piss at one such meeting, he could already feel dread creeping in. He'd been given enough flak for oversleeping due to his very drowsy cold medicine, and he knew running off to the bathroom so close to the end of the meeting would be frowned upon. It was informal and there was really nothing stopping him, but he was too damn sick to put up with whatever might be said to him.

Tony suffered in silence, begging for things to wind down pretty quickly. Luck was not on his side, however, as the others started contributing their own ideas to the discussion and he had to listen to all of that. Each added point only furthered and prolonged things, and he squirmed, hoping desperately that his illness would be kind to him and not send any wayward sneezes to him.

He would have dozed off by now if it weren't for his fear of losing control of his bladder in his sleep. They wouldn't have been too happy about it, but his head felt like a brick and whenever he laid it down to rest, his eyelids grew heavy. He felt awful, so awful that he barely even cared about his predicament beyond the fact that it was causing him further inconvenience.

Tony was positively miserable, and he couldn't wait to go back to his room, piss, and pass out for a few more hours, and hopefully sleep all the way through this bullshit, pain-in-the-ass illness. He jiggled one of his legs, both to keep him awake and from the growing situation in his bladder. Even so, he still felt that things would be fine just as long as things wrapped up shortly.

“Tony, what do you think?”

Now the focus was turned on him. He groaned and opened his mouth to respond, and then it hit him. He was going to sneeze.

Shit, shit, shit, no. Fuck, no, anything but-

Though he tried everything in his power to hold back on that sneeze, it was too late, and he did it. And, just as it always did, his bladder contracted with the sudden movement and released some of its contents.

Except it wasn't just “some” and it didn't stop. In fact, rather than just a small spurt like he was used to, there was a long stream, flooding his pants. His sneeze had caused him to piss himself, and he felt his pants flood, the warm piss soaking through into the couch he sat on.

Everyone's eyes were on him as this happened, but, oddly enough, he really didn't care that much. After the day he had had, feeling as sick as he did, it was nice to at least not have to piss anymore. It was annoying knowing that he had made such a mess and would have to clean up; the couch would probably have to be thrown out altogether, but that wasn't too big of a deal.

The exchange with his teammates that followed was awkward, as they all either pretended not to notice or offered to help in any way they could. Tony simply waved them all off, saying that he'd like to just get to bed and sleep this off.

*002*2015-10-18 20:01

{{:

Poor tony haha, he quite often gets tortured in requests doesn't he?

}}

I love him, and I have a few omo friends who know how much I love him and, well, that's the result.

*004*2015-10-18 20:05

{{:

He does have a soft spot with me I do admit! Clints my fav though, keep up the good work :P

}}

Clint is probably my second fave, or Thor. They're kinda tied for second, I guess.

