If she can make it home (A Naruto Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-02 18:43

A/N: You guessed it, another left over from Peecember

Working long shifts at the hospital can be rewarding in its own way, but Sakura definitely gets worn out, and it has its downsides. In general, she does prefer to be out in the field, serving as a medic in that regard, but there are many purposes for a medic of her skill, and whenever she is not in the field, she is meant to work in the hospital. More often than not, her advanced skill means that she is picking up the slack of the others, who do not mean to leave so much work for her, but she can just do things that they simply can’t.

It is rewarding, any time she is able to save someone, or even just help ease the pain of someone who has been struggling, but she gets worn out after a while, and if things are hectic enough, she finds herself contending with another problem. Eventually, the strain on her bladder starts to make itself known, and even though she is used to holding it up to a certain point, she still has her limits, and she seems to get pushed to that point nearly daily.

Today has been no exception, and as her shift comes closer to an end, she is absolutely bursting, and in great pain from that. She comforts herself with the fact that she does not have long until she can leave, but that does not make it any easier to endure it in the moment, already to the point she can’t ignore it. She should be able to hold it until the end of her shift, as well as until she can make it home.

Usually, Sakura waits until she can get home to go to the bathroom, just because she knows, if she stays any longer than when she is allowed to leave, there’s a chance she might get roped into helping with something else just as soon as she emerges from the bathroom, and she will not have the heart to tell them that she is already off and on her way out the door. So, whenever she can manage to hold it a little while longer, that’s what she does, and she knows tonight needs to be one of those nights.

Today has been so hectic that she will be lucky to get out of here at all, and really can’t risk taking any further chances. If she can make it home, which is she sure she will be able, then she is going to be just fine. She just has to keep holding it until the end of the day, even as her bladder begins to protest her every move. Today has been rough, and Sakura grits her teeth whenever she can get away with it, curling her toes and clenching her fists to distract herself from all of the aching in her bladder.

Just a little while longer, and she can’t help but watch the clock and count the seconds when she can afford to be distracted. And whenever she can be sure that no one will notice, she presses her legs tightly together, rubbing them there to try and alleviate the pressure, even if it is only for a moment. It does not really offer much comfort for her, but it is enough to keep her going until the end, until she is finally able to leave.

Sakura knows that she is cutting it close, but she is sure that she can make it back home if she just hurries. That is preferable to getting caught here and ending up working far later then she would intend. Sure, she is absolutely bursting, to the point that every step is like torture, but it will still be worth it in the end. She knows that it will be worth it, just as soon as she is able to make it through that door. If only she weren’t walking through the bustling evening streets, she might be able to do more to make holding it easier on her, but she really does not want anyone seeing her holding herself like a little girl.

Not that she really needs to do that, or anything. She hasn’t had to do that before while walking home, and she knows that she is doing just fine, that she is not struggling anymore than she normally would. Sakura is at no greater risk of losing control than she is any other day, and she continues to tell herself that while she struggles to walk back home.

Soon enough, though, her door is in sight, and she is that much more certain that she is going to be okay. Sure, her panties and shorts are so damp now that she is pretty sure they’re a lost cause, the leaks coming with every step that she takes, and maybe she might have some running down her inner thighs, but that doesn’t mean that she has already lost out. Her hand trembles as she unlocks the door, but once is able to let herself in, she can go to the bathroom, in just a few short steps…

Those few short steps don’t end up happening. Just as soon as the door closes behind her, she finds herself leaning back against it as she gives into the demands of her overworked bladder. At the very least, she can say that she made it home, but that is not much of a comfort when she still ended up wetting herself, showing her that there are still situations that she is not able to make it through. Not exactly encouraging, when it comes to her daily schedule.

But right now, she just lets the relief wash over her, as the puddle grows at her feet. It feels too good to finally be able to pee, and she can worry about clean up, and what this might mean for her in the future, when she is done basking in all of that relief. For right now, she is just happy that she does not have to hold it anymore.

