Opening up writing commissions

Author: Zaku II

*000*2018-01-15 17:28

So money is a little tight and I'm opening up commissions, to give them a try.

Below are my guidelines:

I can write, or have interest in writing:

- Anime, Video Game, Western Animation, or comic book setting.

- Various fetishes(EUF, Omorashi , Tickling). If you state another fetish not listed that I'm ok with, I can give it a shot. If not, I will let you know.

- Romance between male and female character, or female/female (of the light kind). Please note that romance is not my strongest.

What I will not write, or have no desire.

- Straight out sexual intercourse. I can try it, but don't expect anything well. *Think like Tom Clancy way*

- Nothing sexual or perverted with a minor(age) character. I consider anyone 18 or over adults.

- With the Omorashi fetish, I am not comfortable with some of the sub groups(diapers, ageplay, messing, etc.) If the proposed concept is something I do not want to write, I will let you know.

- No violence or sexual violence against women(real life berserk button for me)

- As stated above, I'm willing to try writing for different fetishes. That said, I'm not comfortable with expansion, gore, or anything of that nature. If there is a concept that contains a fetish I am uncomfortable with, I will note the person back.

Here are the franchises that I am a fan of or know a lot about.

Anime:

1. Mobile Suit Gundam(Also includes 08th MS Team, Zeta Gundam, Gundam Seed)

2. Highschool of the Dead

3. Bleach

4. Sailor Moon(mostly the villains and Monsters of the Day)

5. Neon Genesis Evangelion

6. Inuyasha

7. Dragonball Z

8. Full Metal Alchemist

9. Yu Yu Hakusho

10. Hellsing

11. Love Hina

12. Keijo

13. Attack on Titan

Video Games:

1. Dead Space

2. Resident Evil

3. Gears of War

4. Halo

5. Street Fighter

Western Animation:

1. Batman-The Animated Series

2. Superman-The Animated Series.

Film:

1. Star Wars

I'm also good at writing historical pieces(my education), so I'm open to that.

That's it for ground rules. I'm sure if this works and as I go along, it will change.

As for pricing. It may change in the future, but right now I have:

1. 500 or so stories for 3.10 USD

2. 1000 or so word stories for 6.75 USD

3. 1500 or so word stories for 10.00 USD

I have a lot of my stories posted up on DeviantArt. You can take a look at my stories here to see my writing style.

%http://fav.me/dbjyx05

%http://fav.me/dbqpnl5

%http://fav.me/dbz57vd

Here's my process:

1. You can private message me here. Please provide details and information for your idea. If the medium is something I don't personally know, I'll need to research it first. If I accept, I will send you my Paypal information.

2. I will write, and send you a draft.

3. You can give me the ok for the final copy, or request some minor changes. I say minor, for I wish not to rewrite the whole thing.

4. Final copy will be PM'd to you. You can place in your gallery provided proper credit is given, and a link to my profile.

Cheers!

