Turnabout (A Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Fanction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-06-09 16:45

A/N: Another commission.

April let out another sigh, probably the fifth, if her count was right, not that any of them did any good. She was trapped, and there was nothing she could do to get out of the situation other than wait it out. There was no hope for escape, only hope for rescue, and she did hope that she would be rescued soon. Being stuck with Karai holding her hostage was not really the way she wanted to spend her day.

And this was without even factoring in all the discomforts that came along with such a thing, and there were plenty of those. Most prominent was the fact that she was tied up, and therefore incredibly uncomfortable and unable to move freely. The second most prominent was a nagging sensation in her bladder that had cropped up recently. It wasn't really bad just yet, but because she didn't have anything else to think about, it was difficult to ignore it. With nothing else to think about, the fact that she would have to pee soon was all that was on her mind.

She would have given anything for some sort of distraction, anything to take her mind off of things and keep her occupied until rescue came, but when Karai returned with exactly that, she realized she should have been careful what she wished for. She grew nervous, wondering what the other girl had in mind for her, but she just looked at her, as if waiting for April to react.

It wasn't the worst outcome, but it was odd, considering April had been expecting something a little bit more...intimidating. But Karai said nothing, only kept watch over her, and soon the discomfort caused by that made her forget the growing pressure in her bladder. Time still didn't pass any quicker however, and it felt so weird, sitting in silence like that.

When April attempted to ask Karai exactly what she was doing, she only got the response, “Waiting.”

“You and me both,” she muttered, wondering when she would be rescued, and that reminded her of one of the problems at hand. She still had to pee, only now it wasn't just a quiet nagging that she could push to the back of her mind. Now, she was really aware of the fact that she needed to go, and even though it wasn't enough to alarm her just yet, it was enough to be a major annoyance.

But she wasn't worried about losing control, or anything like that. The thought that she wouldn't be able to make it until help arrived and she was free did not cross her mind for even a second, because it seemed that impossible. Tapping her foot, she wished that she had a bit more freedom of movement, because that might have made it easier to relieve some of the pressure this long wait was causing her. April sighed again- was it the sixth time?- and wondered exactly how long this would take. She was almost bored out of her mind.

Karai kept looking at her intently as well, which was really unsettling and made her wonder if the other girl had something else in mind that she wasn't letting on to. It was impossible to read her, and April glowered. This rescue was taking forever, and she was more than a little impatient.

She shifted in her seat, the pressure starting to grow. It was going to become a little more than an annoyance soon, if she didn't get out of hear, and for the first time, April began to feel nervous about needing to pee. Squirming, she thought about crossing her legs, except for the fact that she couldn't, because she was tied up. Mentally cursing her bonds, April moved as much as she was able to before she heard Karai let out a quiet laugh, and then she froze.

“What?” she asked. “What's so funny?”

“What, like you don't know?” the other girl asked. “You're making it all pretty obvious, you know.”

April bit her lip, suddenly very self-conscious, but she tried to play it off. “I don't know what you're talking about,” she lied, even knowing that it sounded like a lie as she said it.

“Right.” Karai actually rolled her eyes and then shook her head. “Do you really think I believe you?” She smirked, looking a bit menacing. “You won't be able to keep lying about it for long, so what's the point in trying now?”

Wincing, April knew that she was right, but she didn't know why she cared so much. Was she just looking forward to making fun of her for this? Was she going to try to torture her with it? She bit her lip and tried to fight against the urge to squirm again, but it was getting too hard to. It was getting to the point where she wasn't sure if she would last for much longer, and there was still no sign of any rescue, and she held back a whine, clenching her fists.

“What? Getting too much for you to handle?” Karai asked, her smirk still in place, and April tried to glare at her. However, her glare was broken off when she cringed, a sharp pang in her bladder reminding her just how dire her situation was becoming. This, in particular, was noticeable, and her captor laughed at her.

“Shut up,” April muttered, but she couldn't even talk tough anymore, nor she could she keep trying to sit still. Her bladder throbbed and ached, and she could hardly do anything to relieve the pressure that wouldn't stop growing. If she didn't get out of here soon, there would be nothing she would be able to do to prevent herself from completely losing control and humiliating herself, and in front of Karai, of all people.

“Why? Because it's true?” She laughed again. “Are you really going to wet yourself in here? You're really not going to be able to hold it?”

Once again, all April could manage in response was, “Shut up,” which was just about as good as openly saying that no, she didn't think she was going to be able to hold it, and Karai really was going to get to see her wet herself. She had to pee so badly that she was starting to not care about that, wanting the pain to be over with more than she wanted to maintain dignified in front of someone who had already captured her anyway.

But, then again, she would have to get out of her at some point, and she'd like to be dry when she did that, not that she knew if she had an option there. If she could keep on waiting, she should, and she did not see any point in giving up of her own choice. If she could make it, if she could at least take a chance, then she would try, regardless of how Karai tried to torment her.

Her bladder spasmed again, and she let out a sharp cry, squirming and pulling her knees together- or, trying to, but she wasn't able to. Struggling uselessly against her bonds, she bit down on her lip. She tried to keep her breathing under control, tried to keep from making too many obvious sounds, but her cry had already been a dead give away. It was like she wasn't sure what she was fighting, and if she didn't know what she was fighting, there was no way for her to know when she had won. Somehow, though, it already seemed plenty obvious that she was going to end up losing.

All she could think about was how much easier this would have been if she could have crossed her legs or even grabbed herself, as humiliating as that would have looked. It would have at least eased the pressure, and made her able to hold back a little bit longer, but she could only feel things getting rapidly worse. She was hit by another spasm, and this time, she could not stop a hot jet of urine from escaping. Not quite enough to darken her jeans, but almost there.

“Must be getting pretty hard,” Karai observed, able to read the panic on her face. April tried to put on a brave face, but immediately winced as she had to try to fight off another leak from escaping.

She moaned helplessly, knowing that this had to be the end of the line for her. She had fought and held on for so long, but she had her limits and she knew that she had most definitely reached them. April gave one last pathetic effort to holding it before she lost control completely, the floodgates opening as she began to soak herself. Her moan was one of both humiliation and relief, and the relief was so intense that it nearly felt good to her, probably would have felt amazing if she weren't wetting herself in front of Karai.

The other girl watched her in amusement, and April's face burned as she tried to avoid making eye contact. By the time she was completely empty, she was sure that she had never felt this humiliated before, that she would never feel this humiliated ever again, and she wanted revenge. More than anything, she wanted some sort of revenge for being put in this situation, but she would have to wait until rescue came before she could do anything about it.

Her clothes soon grew cold and uncomfortable on her, and she sat in her own puddle, anxious to be able to get cleaned up. It felt like an eternity of waiting before she could finally get out of there, and when Karai was subdued, she made sure that she was tied up good. April wasn't planning on sticking around to watch, but she was sure that it couldn't be long before Karai was put in the same situation.

~X~

Karai had been stuck tied up for much too long, and she was more than a little annoyed by the fact that the tables had turned. It was true that she'd pushed April a little far for her own entertainment, but now she would not be able to get out for who knew how long, and her own need to pee would soon over take her.

She understood the fact that April was doing this for revenge, but the other girl wouldn't even get to see her humiliation as it happened. There didn't seem to be much of a point to it, which honestly made it seem crueler. Stuck completely by herself, with no one to help her, Karai knew that she would have to wet herself eventually if she wasn't lucky enough to be found in time, and April didn't even care enough to stick around and witness it.

Laying on her side, she was unable to sit up or stand up, or do anything else but lay there and squirm around as she tried to break free. Her bladder gave small protests to certain movements, and no matter what she did, she was stuck like that. Karai tried to clear her mind of this, knowing that there was no point in letting herself worry too much about something like this. Panic and fear only made it worse, and if she was going to try to last as long as she could, she would have to remain calm.

It was easier to do so at first, mostly because she didn't really have to go as bad as she initially thought. Her panic really had made it seem worse than it was, and when she cleared her mind a bit more, it was really barely more than a small nag every now and then. Really, she wasn't in such a bad position yet, and it would be best if she didn't let her mind trick her into thinking things were worse than they were.

Keeping her breathing calm and steady, a long time seemed to pass before she started to notice the discomfort her bladder was causing her. She didn't know how much time had passed, but she felt a tight pressure building a bit more steadily than it had been before, making its presence much more known, and she bit her lip. Shaking her head, she refused to let it bother her so much, so early. She would be fine, she was fine, it was all her imagination, it was the stress making things seem worse again.

But, though that may have been true before, it wasn't anymore. No matter how much she wanted to pretend that this wasn't getting bad for her, it was. She couldn't keep pretending at all anymore, and she moaned quietly, squirming a bit, for all the good that did. She understood now how April must have felt before, unable to really move in any way to make this easier on herself. Karai almost felt sorry for the girl, but she had enjoyed watching it too much for that, and was a bit too annoyed with her own predicament to feel anything else toward the girl.

It had to have been miserable, though, and maybe she did regret putting her through that just a little bit, if only because she knew that if she hadn't, she wouldn't be in this position now. She thought about the way April's face had contorted in concentration, the way she had shifted and made pathetic little noises as she tried to hold it, the way she had struggled in a way that Karai knew she would be doing soon herself. These thoughts weren't exactly making things easier for her, but once they had come into her mind, it was impossible to get them out.

April's face had been flushed, and Karai's own cheeks were hot now, probably turning a similar shade of red. She bit down on her lip, hard enough to nearly draw blood, and thought about the way April's voice had sounded so strained, the look of angered humiliation on her face whenever she was taunted. When she'd been saved, no remark about the fact that she'd wet herself was made, diminishing her humiliation a bit, but Karai was sure that if she was found like that, it would not be the same for her.

Stop thinking about it, she told herself, but it really was impossible now. When she wasn't thinking about her own desperation, she was thinking about April's, which only added to her own, and then she was back where she started, in some sort of vicious cycle. She wondered if April's bladder throbbed like this, if she had felt a pulsing every time she so much as breathed. Did she feel as though she would burst, like she had a very full water balloon inside of her that could pop at any second? Karai moaned, her thoughts betraying her over and over again as she fought her need for release.

She certainly felt that way, her bladder throbbing and pulsing, and she began to feel close to tears, though she absolutely refused to let them pass. She couldn't control every humiliation that she faced, but if she could prevent at least one, she would, and so she absolutely would not cry. April had not, even if she had gotten close, and Karai was sure that she had. If she had felt any of the pain or frustration that Karai now felt, April would have had to have been close to tears at some point in time. But she had never let them show, and so Karai would do the same, no matter how painful holding it became.

Stop thinking about her. Finally, she managed to banish thoughts of April, but there wasn't anything else for her to think about besides her own situation, which was getting so bad that she could barely breathe. She had her thighs squeezed together as tightly as possible, tugging her hands, knowing that she wouldn't be able to get them free but trying anyway. She imagined pushing them between her legs and imagined how that would help her, at least a little bit, but if her hands were free, she wouldn't be stuck like this to begin with.

She felt herself leak a bit, and could only groan. It was past the point that she could hold it back, and she wondered if letting a little bit more out would help things. If she could let out enough to take some of the pressure off without leaving too much of a puddle or a noticeable stain on her outfit, then she might be in the clear, but she wasn't sure if she would even be able to stop it once she had started. She went back in forth in her mind, trying to decide if it was worth it to try or not, but then another leak came, stealing her attention for a moment.

She was getting damper and damper, and she really didn't know how much she could allow to escape for it to be unnoticeable. It was definitely looking like a bad idea to purposefully let anymore out, but the third leak let her know that she didn't have much choice, and even as she fought, she knew that none of it mattered. She didn't have a choice in the matter at all, and she had already lost control.

That was when she began to piss herself in earnest, her bladder giving out on her completely as the warm liquid flooded her clothes. She could feel it pooling around her where she lay, escaping the fabric easily, and soon she would be laying on her side in a large, light yellow puddle, and it would be obvious what had happened. In the end, there had been no way for her to hold out for as long as she needed to, and though she had tried, her efforts had been completely in vain.

She lay there, humiliated but relieved, and then she caught herself wondering if relief had felt this good for April as well.

