The bedwetting plan (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-09 22:38

A/N: This was a commission I wrote, involving Kris playing a prank on the other girls to make them wet the bed, with dreams that involve public humiliation. There's filming and masturbation as well.

For as long as she can remember, Kris has had a somewhat peculiar fascination with wetting. Though it never seemed all that strange to her, she eventually figures out that it isn’t an interest that everyone shares, or, at the very least, it is not one that people are meant to discuss openly. She keeps it to herself, but she is never able to keep it out of her mind.

Any chance that she can get to get close to seeing someone wet themselves, she takes, especially when she is younger, and seeing other kids her age have accidents is not uncommon. In fact, there were a few times that she would have been able to make it, that she decided to give up too early, just so that she could experience such an accident for herself.

As she grew, she had less and less opportunities to indulge her interest in real life, especially as her sense of public decency grew. Still, it is an interest that has never gone away, and though she mostly keeps herself entertained by seeking out content online, her desire to experience something in real life once again begins to get the better of her. Though she doubts she can set up the perfect chance to stumble upon someone having an accident, and she also does not have any interest in telling someone how to give her what she wants.

That means that she has limited options, when it comes to something that will still offer her satisfaction. Fortunately, she has spent plenty of time digging around online, and knows that she can get into some varieties of wetting. Primarily, bed wetting is still totally great for her, so long as she can actually witness the moment that it happens. If someone is asleep when it happens, then it makes it a lot easier for her to get away with watching it play out, which will serve as a bonus.

Not only that, but there are some circumstances where trying to get someone to wet the bed can be written off as a simple prank, and not examined further than that. Though she does not plan on getting caught in the act, it is always nice to know that she has an excuse that she can fall back on, without anyone trying to look too deep into it. Once she has those factors figured out, it is only a matter of planning, while she continues her research to make sure that she is able to pull this off without a hitch.

It is not long before she is sending out invitations to a special slumber party out Pasio. The cast in attendance will be the girls that she got to know during her time in Johto, as well as Leaf, who has always been an inspiration to her. Besides Leaf, she gets confirmations from Whitney, Jasmine, Clair, and Lyra, with only Karen too busy the night of. Step one is complete, and Kris has already begun preparations for the other steps, to be carried out the night of.

~X~

For a while, the group of them just have innocent fun. Kris can’t help but pay attention to just how much everyone drinks at any given moment, but she does her best to be subtle about it, not wanting to get caught staring at any odd times. The drinks were tampered with ahead of time, with Kris having to be careful not to take anything that has been drugged with trace amounts of Sleep Powder.

The others begin to get sleepy a bit quicker than they normally would have, but it comes on slowly, so that they don’t notice in time to really be suspicious. Kris is careful, so that she is able to stay awake, though she pretends to be every bit as sleepy, all so that the group of them can “fall asleep” together. But, once everyone else is finally out, Kris gets back up so that she can get to work.

She has two things that she needs to set up, the first of which being a camera, so that she can truly enjoy this experience for all that it is worth. Besides that, she has a recording to play, of various ambient water sounds, ones that would surely make anyone desperate to pee if they had to listen to them for too long. The girls will be out cold with how much Sleep Powder they have ingested, and Kris can always touch that up with a Pokemon, to make sure that they sleep soundly, not woken up by the sounds, but still definitely impacted by them.

Whatever dreams that they will start to have while their bladders are crying out for relief would probably be a lot of fun to watch, and Kris briefly finds herself wishing that she were a psychic type, just so that she could tap into them. Still, once the sound of rushing water is going, she knows that it will only be a matter of time before she has plenty of entertainment, so she just has to be patient a little bit longer.

Tonight is going to be a night worth remembering.

~X~

Leaf can’t say that she remembers what it is that brought her to the beach today. She’s a little irritated that hse is not better prepared, seeing as she is still dressed in her regular clothing, but also does not have a bathing suit in her backpack to change into. It seems pointless to be at the beach without one, but she doesn’t remember why it is that she came her.

Still, she’s mad that she can’t go swimming, and not just because the weather is absolutely perfect for it. Another reason is because she can feel a need to pee growing, the twinging in her lower abdomen reminding her every few moments that she will need to take care of that soon. If she could just go in the water, there would be nothing to worry about, because she could empty her bladder just like that, and not have to worry about anyone seeing her wet.

Instead, she just gets to keep walking on, the ache in her bladder growing with each step, as she wonders just how long she can hold out like this. Surely there must be a bathroom around here somewhere…she knows that, with most crowded beaches like this, there are buildings past the sand, but she does not see a single one. The fact that there are so many people around just makes it worse, because she has to try and conceal the fact that she is absolutely bursting, on top of everything else.

She really, really needs to find a bathroom, but there isn’t one, and wishing for one is not going to make one suddenly appear. The sound of the ocean is making the need worse, and the pressure just continues to grow, while she forces herself to ignore it, to keep pressing on and not make a fool of herself. Oh, but she has to go so badly…!

Biting her lip, she finds that she can no longer ignore the sloshing in her bladder. A small trickle starts to escape, then another, and Leaf can feel it growing. She can feel her cheeks turning red, as well as her stomach, as the need grows stronger, until finally, she can no longer hold it in. In her panic, she decides that there is only one thing that she can do. Forget a bathing suit, she is running into the ocean right now!

Leaf charges straight into the waves as she continues to pee herself, ignoring the water splashing over her body, as she just keeps running forward, trying to get away from the shoreline. The more distance that she puts between herself and the beach, the better, because she doesn't want anyone to see her humiliate herself. Finally, though, the water is up to her waist, and she is able to let go completely, sighing with relief as she releases her bladder.

The relief lasts for a moment, as Leaf turns around to look at the shoreline, glad that no one can tell she is peeing out here in the water. It feels so much better now, the relief everything that she needed. But she can’t stay in the water forever, so she slowly walks back towards the beach, knowing that she has to wash off her body. If only she could remember why she came to the beach in the first place...

~X~

In the waking world, Kris gets to watch with delight, the moment that Leaf loses control. For quite a while, she is squirming in her sleep, thrashing and holding herself, and though she is not the only one showing signs of needing to go, it does not take long before it becomes clear that she is the one who is going to lose control first. Her bladder must be killing her, and Kris can’t take her eyes off of Leaf, until finally…

She relaxes visibly, a cute little smile on her face as she starts to pee herself, oblivious to the fact that she is doing it, at least in the real world. Kris has no idea what dream she was having, but she had seemed quite troubled, up until the moment that she finally began to pee. At least it seems that she found the relief she needed.

Kris can feel a twinge from her own bladder, but she pushes it out of her mind for now. She can keep holding it for a while yet, and, during that time, she gets to enjoy what the other girls will do.

~X~

Whitney is standing at the end of a very long line, and she is not happy about it in the least. She doesn’t know why it seems like every other girl in the world needs to go to the bathroom right now, but it means that she is at the very back of this massive line, and she has to pee worse than she ever has in her life. Other girls in line are showing obvious signs of desperation as well, but Whitney is willing to bet that she is the one who has to pee worse than anyone else here.

To make matters worse, it is raining outside, and she can hear the sounds of rain battering against the windows. Squirming in place, Whitney whines to herself. She can keep holding it, of course, but it will be a long time before she gets to go to the bathroom. Whitney squeezes her thighs together, and she wishes that she could hold herself and be a bit more obvious, but that would be so embarrassing. So instead, she bites her lip, and tries to pretend that she is just feeling a bit uncomfortable, and nothing else.

The line moves slowly, so slowly that it feels like it will be hours before she gets to the front. Whitney bounces on her heels, trying not to think about how badly she has to pee. No matter how slowly the line may be moving, it is still moving, and every time she gets to take a step forward, she assures herself that it will not be long now. She just has to keep holding it, just a little while later.

But as the line goes on and on, and on, and on, Whitney begins to wonder if maybe she should just give up. What if everyone else gave up? Would that make her feel better? It's odd to be thinking such things, but she's so desperate that she almost doesn't care. What if she just gave up and peed herself? Wouldn’t that be the easiest way out?

As if to answer her question, someone in front of her drops their pants and squats down, relieving themselves right there in the middle of the line. This shameless woman lets out a happy sigh, as if it is the easiest thing in the world to do. Whitney’s eyes go wide, as she can only stare in shock, even though the sight of this woman behaving like this is the worst sight for someone as desperate as she is right now.

In the back of her mind, there is a voice telling her that she could do the same thing, if she were not such a coward. No one else seems to notice or care about what this woman is doing, so if Whitney were to drop her shorts, she would probably be able to get away with it. The desire is quite tempting to her, but still, she tries to push it out of her mind. There is no way that she could do something like that! That’s not the sort of behavior befitting a cute girl like her, and either way, with her luck, she is sure that she would be noticed somehow, even if this woman was able to get away with it.

Now empty, the shameless woman pulls her pants back up and walks away, the line able to move forward one person, but it still hardly feels like progress. Is Whitney going to be able to hold it in? Is she going to be able to hold it for as long as this massive line will take? Or will she have to pee herself? Whitney would rather die than do anything that involves peeing in front of all the other people in line, whether that means wetting herself, or peeing on the floor and adding to the mess that no one else seems to notice.

Her bladder throbs and she squirms, a hand between her legs as she tries to hold it. Even showing her desperation like this is embarrassing, and Whitney knows she is about to reach her limit, whether she likes it or not. She can feel the pressure building, and she wonders if she should just let it out.

The voice in her mind just keeps urging her on, insisting that everything will be okay. Whitney tries her best to ignore it, all the way up until the moment that something quite unexpected happens. One by one, the others in the line begin following the example of the shameless woman, squatting down, getting clothing out of the way, so that they can all begin to pee on the floor, puddles merging together, as they all let out massive sighs of relief.

Whitney does not have time to think about whether or not she wants to do this as well. She has no choice; she has to pee so badly. If she doesn't relieve herself soon, she might lose control of herself. With a loud moan, Whitney drops to her knees, unzips her shorts, and lets loose a stream of urine. It splashes on the floor, and then another stream hits the ground, and another, and another. Her body shakes as she lets out a gasp, her head spinning as she tries to ignore the fact that she's exposed in public. Finally, nerves overcome by sheer need, her stream becomes steady, and she moans softly, unable to help it when the relief feels this good.

~X~

Kris knew that Whitney was getting close to her limit, but nothing beats the moment that it finally happens. Whitney has been writhing and whining in her sleep for so long, holding herself and fighting with all that she has, but now, she is unable to hold it back anymore. All at once, she relaxes, her hand falling to her side, as a wet spot grows on her crotch, evidence of her accident impossible to hide.

Kris lets out a moan as she watches all of this, so unbelievably turned on by the sight in front of her that she has no choice but to touch herself. She knew that this would be great, but she is only two girls into the plan so far, and it is already far better than she could have imagined.

The fact that her own need to pee continues to grow only adds to her arousal, and as she pleasures herself to the sight of Whitney, soaked and relieved, and completely unaware of her own mess, she has to try and ignore it, at least for now. She wants to keep holding it in for as long as she can as well, to enjoy this feeling for as long as it will last. So far, everything has been perfect, so she can only imagine how much better it will be as things go on, especially if she’s able to keep holding her own bladder.

~X~

Clair has been waiting all her life for this moment. There have been more than a few times that she has faced off against Lance, determined to prove her own superiority, but she has alwayhs lost, never been quite prepared, no matter what she may have thought going into it. This time, she knows that things are going to be different. Even if she is not able to quite put her finger on why, she just knows that this will be the day that she finally defeats her cousin in battle. Finally, he will have no choice but to acknowledge her as the true Dragon Master.

Confidence aside, however, there is something that bothers her, as the two of them send out their first Pokemon. The fact that his first Pokemon out is a Primeape seems off, but that isn’t what gets her attention quite as much. No, Clair realizes with a start that she needs to pee, and tries to remember when the last time she went was. Did she not make sure to empty her bladder before entering the arena? It doesn’t seem like her to neglect something like that before the most important battle of her life, but perhaps she was just too excited to remember.

That isn’t a good thing, not at all, but Clair tries to ignore her own panic. She has to focus on the Pokemon battle in front of her, and ignore the fact that she has to pee very desperately. She has always wanted to defeat her cousin Lance, and that means that she has to hold it until this is over. This is her big chance, after all.

But as the battle rages on, Clair can feel the urge growing stronger. It is becoming hard for her to focus, but she still tries to push past that, and continue, until Lance sends out a Dragonite. Clair lets out a small gasp, surprised by his choice of Pokemon, but quickly recovers, sending out her own Dragonite, and ordering him forward. The two Pokemon charge each other, and Clair can feel a sharp twinge in her bladder.

She bites her lip, and forces herself to ignore it. Things have been going well so far, and even if the two of them are both down to their last Pokemon, that just means that she still has every bit as much of chance against him as he does against her. She's never been this close before, so she can't worry about her bladder right now.

She has to finish this battle, no matter what.

Clair calls out another move, ignoring her need, and her Dragonite charges, colliding with Lance's Dragonite. As they collide, a shockwave goes through the air, and the impact sends a sharp pain through Clair's bladder.

She lets out a yelp, and clenches her legs tightly together. She can't lose control now, not with the battle almost over, but she has never had to pee this badly in her entire life. No matter how hard she may try to fight it, there's nothing that she can do to stop it, not once she has actually lost control. She has always been too stubborn, and it has never done her any favors, not like this.

Clair feels a warm trickle in her underwear, and then, all at once, the floodgates open. She can't help crying out as her bladder gives way, the warmth spreading all over her, and growing larger, and she can only stand there helplessly as she wets herself in the middle of the battle, right there in front of Lance and everyone else.

As she finishes peeing, and looks around in a daze, she is horrified by the sight of her opponent, smirking and crossing his arms. One last move is all it takes to bring her Pokemon down, signalling her defeat.

"So, you were distracted after all, and I'm afraid it cost you," he says. "It was a close battle, but...in the end, I was just the better trainer."

Clair is too ashamed to argue with him, too humiliated by her own defeat and the weakness of her own bladder, and too upset to even care about the fact that he is being so smug, when she has once again lost. But this defeat is something far greater, far worse, than any that she has suffered before.

~X~

Kris can tell for some time when Clair is on the verge of losing control, just because of how uncomfortable she suddenly becomes, tossing and turning, and groaning in her sleep. The look on her face is one of absolute distress, yet she does nothing to try and make holding it easier on herself. Whatever she is dreaming about right now, it must be pretty intense to carry that much over into her fictional actions, and she must really not want to show her desperation in that dream.

As for Kris, her own desperation is getting to a nearly critical point, but her arousal still manages to take centers stage in everything that she witnesses. When Clair starts to wet herself, Kris whimpers, pushed closer to the edge by the sight of it. All the while, Clair seems so conflicted, her relief not enough to combat whatever humiliation she is coping with in her dream.

It would almost be enough to make Kris feel bad, but since no real harm is being done, and since it feels too good to worry about, she is able to let it go and just enjoy herself. There are still two girls who haven’t wet yet, but Lyra and Jasmine are both pretty squirmy, so Kris knows that it will not be long now before she gets to enjoy the show from the two of them as well. And then, she can finally let go of what she’s been holding back.

~X~

Lyra knows that she needs to get up and go pee, but she doesn’t want to. She isn’t sure why she doesn’t want to, but the idea of just sitting here and letting the pressure continue to build up in her bladder feels oddly appealing to her. Since she is all alone right now, it doesn’t seem like a problem to delay things for a little bit, just to see what happens, and try and figure out what these new feelings mean to her.

It’s the first time that she’s ever thought something like this feels good, but somehow, it feels almost natural to her, and she doesn’t stress too much about it. It seems like the fact that she’s alone right now is enough to allow her to excuse just about anything. Each throb from her bladder makes her gasp out a little bit, a heat growing between her legs.

It is not as if she has never been turned on before. She is no stranger to the feeling of arousal, but, all the same, that doesn’t make it make any more sense to her, when she never thought she could get this turned on, just by holding in her pee. She is sure that there must be something weird about that, maybe even something wrong with it, but that only seems to contribute to her excitement. No matter what, there is no getting around the fact that she really enjoys holding her bladder.

She likes it so much, in fact, that she isn't sure she can go on like this, not without having an accident. She needs to go pee badly, but, even so, the fact that she could lose control at any time is part of what is driving her so wild. There's a lot more than she wants to admit to, when it comes to this new pleasure, and her curiosity and excitement continue to grow.

Her bladder is throbbing harder now, and her arousal continues to grow, until it is the only thing that she can think about. Lyra is not sure if she really wants to wet herself, when she knows that she will be left with a mess to deal with, and that it's not something that she's supposed to do, but all the same part of her that wants that continues to win out.

At the very least, she is going to keep holding it until she reaches her limit. There's no reason why she should let herself give in now, not when she is finally starting to understand her own desires, and how they can be satisfied. Her thighs are pressed tight together, and she shifts from side to side, as she continues to squirm and writhe, desperate for some sort of relief. But the relief she needs does not come, and that leaves her completely helpless, her desperation mounting.

Finally, her body betrays her, and she feels the first spurt escape. It is a strange sensation, unlike anything that she has ever felt before. Her first instinct is to try and fight back against it, but her efforts only result in her losing more control, until it is completely impossible to hold back. The warmth spreads, and she gasps out, as her clothes become drenched in her urine, and it spreads across her bed, making a huge mess. But there is nothing that she can do to stop it now, and, if anything, the fact that she is powerless, completely unable to fight back against her need, just turns her on all the more.

Soon, she is panting and gasping, her hips bucking forward, and she cries out, her orgasm catching her by surprise. As soon as she has come down from that high, however, she is filled with shame, her cheeks flushing bright red as she realizes just what has happened. Lyra has no idea what to do about any of this, but at the very least, she is glad for the pleasure that she got to feel, at the very least.

~X~

Lyra is a lot more obvious about her need than Clair, so whatever she is dreaming about, it seems that she has no trouble in showing just how badly she needs to pee. In fact, she doesn’t even seem concerned by it, seeming a little excited as she continues to fight it. Kris is, of course, captivated by the sight, getting all the more turned on by the hint that Lyra might be into this as well.

At the very least, she is excited by it in her sleep, which is more than enough to excite Kris. The absolute best part is when Lyra does finally wet herself, and begins jerking her hips as she whimpers and moans. It takes all Kris has not to give in then and there, when she realizes that Lyra might have actually come from this. But there’s still one more girl left to go.

~X~

Jasmine’s turn is coming up onstage, and she wishes that she were anywhere else but here. Every contest, she’s managed to avoid something like this, but now, at the worst possible moment, she has to pee, worse than she ever has before. While she waits backstage, she shifts her weight from foot to foot. She does not have time to go find a bathroom before she will likely get called out on stage, which means that she just has to keep holding it, and try not to call attention to the fact that she has to pee.

That is easier said than done, as the throbbing in her bladder only continues to grow with time, as she struggles to put it out of her mind. The last thing she needs is to get worked up about something like this, not when she is already nervous. That will only make her need to pee even worse, and will lead to a disaster that she won't be able to recover from.

And, with that, the time has come for her to go on. Jasmine steps onto the stage, and does her best to act as natural as possible. It isn't like her to be nervous in front of people, but there is no helping the fact that her nerves have gotten the best of her tonight. She wants to make it through this without incident, but simply stepping onstage increases her nerves so much that she nearly whimpers from the pang that comes from her bladder.

She fights her need, and tries not to focus on that too much. It is just another thing to worry about, when there are already so many things that are weighing her down. Jasmine has to do her best not to show her desperation, and just get through the night, so that she can get off this stage. She can't slack off on her performance either, not when she has been practicing so hard. Even though she can barely make out the faces of the judges, and can't see any of the people in the audience, she wants to impress them all.

At least most of her performance depends on her Pokemon, but she feels a panic when she remembers that her entire performance is meant to focus on water tonight. Even though she has never done a performance like that before, and prefers to show off her typical team during a contest, tonight, for some reason, she is going to display fancy water moves. It would have been fine if she didn't have to pee, but now, every time she has to call a move, and the Pokemon use their water based moves, a jolt runs through her.

Jasmine is forced to stand there, doing her best to hold it all back, and pretend that everything is okay, and that the pain and pleasure coursing through her are not as distracting as they are. All the while, the pressure builds and grows, and her desperation only worsens, and the longer she has to stand there, the more hopeless the situation seems. But there is nothing she can do but hold on.

If only there was a bathroom in the backstage area, and if only she could sneak back there, just long enough to relieve herself. Then, she wouldn't have to worry so much about losing control, and could put all of her attention into her performance, and impressing the judges. But the only bathroom is out in the lobby, and the only way she's getting there is if she holds it until the end of the contest.

The only silver lining is the fact that her Pokemon are able to take center stage. Even though they can't read her mind, they can tell how anxious she is, and are able to work together with her to make the performance the best that they can, all while she continues to suffer. It feels like they are doing a perfect job, a dream performance, and Jasmine knows that if she can just hold it, she will probably win this. But that doesn't mean that she is not going to lose control, and soon, she fears that she will not have any choice but to piss herself.

As Jasmine continues to shift her weight, and cross and uncross her legs, and the desperation becomes so intense that she is certain that she will catch attention doing this soon enough. But, thankfully, the judges seem impressed by what they see, and when she is done, the applause is loud and thunderous. The contest is over, and she has managed to get through it, barely holding on.

Now, the only thing left to do is sneak offstage and to the lobby, and pray that she can make it. But just as Jasmine tries to make her escape, a hand falls on her shoulder, and the coordinator next to her says, "You were really great out there!"

She feels almost like she recognizes this person, but can't quite place them. She nods and thanks them, but then their eyes widen and they ask, "Jasmine, what are you doing?"

In a panic, she realizes all at once that there's a wet warmth between her legs. Standing right there onstage, in front of everyone, Jasmine begins to wet herself. Her body shudders as she lets out a sigh of relief, and then, all at once, it is done. She is utterly humiliated as her bladder empties, taking away all focus from the awards, and she can't believe how much worse this is, knowing that she's been seen by so many people.

She can't help whimpering as the wetness spreads, and the audience murmurs among themselves, wondering if they really just saw that happen. But no one speaks up, no one tells her that it wasn't real, and it is the most horrible, shameful thing that Jasmine has ever had to go through. Her nightmare continues, the humiliation never seeming to end...

~X~

Finally, Kris watches as Jasmine loses control of her bladder as she wets herself in her dream. The last girl at the sleepover has lost control, which means that Kris is at her limit as well. After touching herself for so long, she is too aroused at the sight of all the bed wetting, she can't hold herself back. Kris has been waiting for this, and, as soon as she gives in, the pleasure is overwhelming.

She moans out, giving in and letting herself pee as well, soaking her pajamas, and the sheets around her. Just like in her fantasy, it is the best orgasm that she has ever had, and the fact that she is getting to have it with all her these gorgeous girls, after getting to watch them all wet themselves, just makes it that much better. Needless to say, she is left overwhelmed by her bliss, and it takes her a moment to recover from that.

Still, she knows that she has to, because she needs to get everything cleaned up. She has managed to capture plenty of footage of everything that has happened tonight, but she needs to turn her camera off and hide it quickly. Then, she needs to hurry and get back into position, right where she wet herself as well, so that she can pretend to wake up when the rest of them do.

She is lucky that the sleeping powder manages to hold out for as long as she needs it to. Kris is already able to settle in and get comfortable, all evidence thoroughly cleared away, able to practice her embarrassment for when she wakes up, and pretends that she is every bit as surprised by this as the rest of them are sure to be.

There are varying degrees of relief as each one of them steadily realizes that their dream scenarios were, in fact, dreams. Still, any relief that any of them may have felt is short lived, because it does not take long for the realization to dawn on all of the guests of Kris that they have wet the bed, and that’s very visible.

Kris plays along, staring at her soaked pajamas in shock, before she looks up at the other, pretending to be just as surprised when she “realizes” that she is not the only one soaking wet right now. All over again, she can feel herself getting excited, so she hopes that she can hide this arousal, while continuing to keep up her act of embarrassed confusion.

