Blackmail and Turnabout (A Grounded For Life Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-10-06 18:26

A/N: another commission for vexer!

Lily's demands were getting more and more ridiculous, and Claudia wasn't sure how much longer she would be able to keep up with it. Her daughter had been blackmailing her ever since she had caught her smoking for the first time, and until she could kick the habit for good, she had to do whatever her daughter said in order to avoid getting found out. It was ridiculous and it was humiliating, but there wasn't much else she could do when she didn't want anybody to know. As long as Lily kept her mouth shut, she had to go along with whatever ridiculous thing she made her do.

But, though the tasks got to be pretty awful, she thought she was still getting off pretty easy. There were worse things she could get stuck doing and worse things that Lily could come up with, so the fact that she hadn't gone so far yet was a bit of a relief. Of course, as soon as she began to think along those lines, she realized it was a mistake, and not long later, Claudia ended up being forced to realize that she had jinxed herself. Not long after she had begun to feel paranoid about her own sense of security, Lily came to her with her most ridiculous and humiliating requests yet.

“I'm going to take pictures of you while you do it,” she said, “because I want something I can keep over your head forever.” This request bordered on maniacal! Claudia could hardly believe that her daughter would be so conniving, and couldn't believe that she was planning ahead like this, wanting leverage even when smoking wasn't an option anymore.

“I'm not going to do that!” she protested reflexively, already feeling embarrassed, and she hadn't even done anything yet. “I can't do something like that.”

“Oh...” said Lily. “So I guess you want me tattling about your little habit?” She grinned, because she had her and she knew it. There really was nothing Claudia could do to get out of this, and unless she wanted her secret to come out, she would have to go along with this.

“Fine. Fine, but I hope you know that this is going too far,” she muttered. She spent the next few days dreading the time that they would spend doing this little activity, but when the day came and they had the house to themselves, she hadn't thought of a good way to back out.

And so, she was forced to drink a lot in preparation and not visit the bathroom even once before she was left alone with Lily, who was ready to watch her wet herself and take pictures as evidence. Already, she could feel what she had had to drink affecting her, and already, she wondered how she had allowed herself to end up in a situation like this. If only there were something, anything she could do to get out of it, but as far as she could see, there was absolutely nothing.

Her bladder was already getting full, and Lily just sat there watching her while she stood, trying not to show any outward signs of desperation. She knew that, once she did, there would be pictures taken up until the very end, but she wanted to avoid that for as long as possible, even if she knew that it was inevitable. Clenching one fists to distract herself, she looked away and tried not to think about the liquid that was slowly filling her and making it difficult to stand still.

“How long do you think this is going to take?” asked Lily.

“What? Are you already getting bored? We don't have to do this, you know.” She knew it was a long shot, but she still tried to offer, hoping that her daughter really would get quickly bored with the amount of time it would take.

“You're not getting out of this that easy!” she replied with a laugh. “I was just trying to see what sort of shape you were in. I don't care how long it takes, and I promise I'm not going to get bored of this.” Her smirk was absolutely infuriating, and Claudia resisted the urge to squirm as a sharp pang shot through her lower abdomen.

It wasn't long before the pangs were coming more frequently, however, and as much as she wanted to hide her growing desperation, there was really nothing she could do when it was getting this bad. Shifting her weight from foot to foot, she tried to ignore the growing smirk on her daughter's face, but when she began to squeeze her thighs together, Lily took the first picture. She giggled a little to herself while she did, feeling rather triumphant about her little scheme.

Claudia could feel her face burning as she began to exhibit visible signs of desperation, but her bladder was really starting to feel full and she was way past the point where she would normally go find a bathroom for herself. She was getting to the point where she was seriously holding it, and it took more of her concentration to make sure that she didn't lose control than anything else. Shifting her weight again, she knew that she couldn't afford to try to distract herself anymore, if she actually wanted to manage to hold it for a decent amount of time.

And time kept ticking on, until she was squirming almost constantly, and Lily kept snapping pictures of every nervous move her mother made in an attempt to keep herself from getting too close to losing control. She really, really had to pee, and her bladder throbbed to remind her of this very often. She wasn't sure how she was going to be able to stand it when it got to the point that she wet herself, and she didn't know why she cared so much about holding it when she knew that that was going to be the outcome no matter what she did.

There was no reason for her to hold on like this, but she did until she was overwhelmed, until she was so desperate she could hardly stand still. She held on until she had to continually keep her legs crossed and until Lily was nearly constantly taking pictures, always finding her mother's new pose more amusing than the last. Claudia trembled, her legs shaking as she grit her teeth, but her bladder kept protesting and protesting, begging her to let go of her pride, to just set it aside and let go, since it was going to happen one way or another.

It would, at least, be easier to let go now. She wouldn't have to feel the pain of holding back, the ache that was turning sharp, and it would all be over with quickly. However, she would have the added shame of not being able to hold it for longer, and there was no way she could convince herself that that wasn't worth holding on just that little extra bit of time. Even in a no-win situation like this, she couldn't help but hang on to her pride, even as she found herself completely unable to stand still.

She jammed a hand between her legs suddenly, without even realizing she was doing it until it was too late, and Lily let out a wicked laugh, snapping picture after picture of this humiliating pose. Claudia had been so overcome with a spasm that she hadn't had any choice, and had done so involuntarily, but now she wasn't sure if she was able to let go. She bit down hard on her lip and didn't look up to meet her daughter's eye, her face burning in humiliation. It wouldn't be much longer for her, but she still couldn't bring herself to give in just yet.

Grabbing at herself and squirming, she squeezed her legs together around her hand. She felt a spurt leak out, soaking into her pants, and she whimpered quietly. It was really getting bad now, really close to being out of hand, and she knew that it was going to be the end for her soon enough. She could feel sweat collecting on her forehead from the sheer effort of holding back beyond her natural limits, and her bladder was ready to give in at any moment.

“Any minute now, huh?” asked Lily in a smug tone of voice, and she couldn't even muster up the strength to retort. Even if she could retort, it wasn't going to count for anything in the position she was currently in, and Lily was only wrong in that she assumed it was any minute, when she really should have said any second. The fact of the matter was, Claudia was already there, had already reached her own limit and whimpered pathetically one last time before she felt her control slip altogether.

Her bladder began to empty all at once, the warm contents gushing out and running down both of her legs as Lily laughed gleefully and began snapping pictures. She flooded her pants, a large dark spot forming on them and spreading to follow the trail of liquid down her legs until there was a puddle forming beneath her on the ground. Her breathing was ragged, and the relief was almost so good that she could get lost in it, but it was hard to forget her circumstances when she could feel her warm, wet clothes starting to go cold around her.

“I got lots of good pictures,” her daughter said, as if it were something that she wanted to hear.

“Well, you've got to clean this up,” she replied in a tired voice. “As far as I'm concerned, it's your mess.”

Lily protested, but she ignored her as she went to go take a shower and get herself cleaned up, and when she returned, she saw that the puddle had been mopped away.

~X~

For a while after that, she couldn't shake the humiliation, because even though nobody else knew about it yet, Lily still had the pictures so there was always a chance it would be exposed. But then the humiliation turned to anger, and soon after she decided that she wanted to get back at her daughter. After all, who was she to try to control and blackmail her own mother? It was time for her to get a taste of her own medicine.

It was one night when she couldn't sleep that she found the perfect opportunity. Lily was nowhere to be found, and rather than alerting anyone else to this problem, she decided to take advantage of the situation and find the pictures to destroy before taking Lily's camera for her own. Then, she waited up until her daughter tried to sneak back in, catching her in the act and alerting her that she would be blackmailing her now. The score was about to be settled.

~X~

“Good luck even trying to get out of this one,” she said, to silence Lily's protests. “I've gotten rid of all of the pictures of me, and I caught you sneaking out, so this time, I'm the one who gets to say what goes.”

“And you want me to...to...”

“Yeah, I want you to wet yourself, just like you made me do.”

“But that's disgusting!”

“And that's exactly what I thought. What goes around comes around,” said Claudia, a triumphant smirk growing on her face. It felt good to be the one with the power once more. “I'm not going to ground you, or tell your father, so consider yourself lucky for that one.”

“But you're going to blackmail me!” she protested.

“What goes around comes around,” her mother repeated, and Lily knew that she didn't have any choice. She was, for the first time, feeling guilt about her actions, but it was a little too late for that, and even if she learned her lesson, she was still going to have to be put through this awful punishment. It wasn't even unfair, as much as she wanted to think that, and so she drank as much as she could and waited with her mother for the liquid to begin to take effect.

It wasn't very long, of course; she'd had so much to drink that it all hit her bladder at once, and rather quickly, and soon enough, she was squirming. Her mother didn't take as many pictures as she had, but even so, every time she did, Lily could feel her face burning in humiliation. She tried to hold off on showing too many visible signs of her growing desperation, but it wasn't easy when she was filling up so quickly and couldn't stop squirming.

Shifting her weight from foot to foot, she looked off to the side and bit her lip, wondering how her mother had been able to hold on for so long when the pain was already getting so bad. If she lasted even an hour more, she would be surprised; perhaps even a half hour was stretching it! It really was a bit too hard to tell, and it was hard to think straight with her bladder throbbing like this.

She made a fist and pressed it between her legs, not sure how to do so discreetly, and of course, there were a few pictures taken of that pose before she was able to drop her hand and try to look normal again. Her attempts to not look so desperate for a moment cost her, and a hot spurt of urine escaped before she could manage to regain her composure and squeezed her thighs together even tighter than before, just to try to keep the rest of it in.

In fact, it wasn't long before she had her fist between her legs once again, and this time, she grabbed at herself, her breathing growing staggered. She was in so much pain from this, and she couldn't handle it nor could she help grabbing her crotch to try and help herself hold it. She didn't know how much longer she could last, but no matter what, it was going to be torturous. Already, it was more torturous than she could bear, and her bladder ached more than it ever had before in her life. She would have felt pangs of sympathy for what she had put her mother through if it weren't for the fact that her mother was responsible for this pain now.

Really, she didn't know what she was doing even trying. The pain was making it less and less worth it to keep trying to hold on. What was the point in all of this? Why had she even let herself get into a situation like this? No matter what happened, she knew that she had already lost and it was no one's fault but her own, and to continue suffering like this would also be her on fault. At the very least, she thought, she could end the pain once and for all, rather than forcing herself to keep enduring for even longer.

It was no use, trying to hold on anymore, and she knew it. She was in far too much pain to keep this up any longer, and no matter how much longer she waited, it wouldn't change the fact that she was going to have to wet herself. Her mother, unbeknownst to her, had considered the same thing, but hadn't swallowed her pride or decided to go through with it. But Lily wasn't willing to keep suffering for nothing, to keep hurting herself as she struggled to hold back when she knew that waiting for her bladder to give out on its own was just a way to delay the inevitable. It really wasn't doing her any good at all.

And so, she resolved to let go of her pride and give into humiliation early in order to also give in to relief. She wasn't going to force herself to hold it any longer than necessary, and it had already been so much longer than necessary. Taking a moment to steel herself, to remind herself that it was okay to do this, Lily took a deep breath that turned to a sigh of relief as she relaxed and let her bladder start to empty.

It started slowly, as her muscles were still trying to resist against her will for a little while there. Just a few spurts here and there, slowly soaking through until she could finally let go completely, once and for all. Her mother was already snapping pictures at the first sign of the dark patch on her clothes, and it spread quickly as she continued to wet herself. She didn't care, for a moment, about anything but how good it felt to finally empty her bladder, how good it felt to be slowly rid of that terrible fullness that had grown far too quickly.

The puddle grew on the floor beneath her, until she was finally completely empty, and even still her bladder still ached in its emptiness. Her humiliation had only grown, but she tried not to care for the moment. Her mom had the pictures now and had the ability to blackmail her just as she had done her own blackmailing, but if she played her cards right, then she could still work her way out of this. All she had to do was stay out of trouble for the time being.

The only upside to being the one to wet herself this time, she realized, was that she could pull the exact same thing that her mother had on her. “As far as I'm concerned, this is your mess, am I right? Since it's all your fault, so you have to clean up.” She went off to clean herself up then, feeling oddly triumphant even though she was the one who had lost in the end.

