Mina's Morning Mistake

Author: zsopkxa

*000*2025-11-22 19:34

Hey guys! First timer - Hope you enjoy!

The autumn air bit at Mina’s thighs as she walked, her pleated skirt fluttering just enough to make her hyperaware of every gust. The tights—opaque black, chosen for warmth, not aesthetics—itched where they bunched behind her knees. She adjusted her bag strap for the fifth time, fingers brushing the folded permission slip in her pocket. The school gates loomed ahead, laughter already spilling from the courtyard. The bell's first chime sent a jolt through Mina's stomach—half-empty, thanks to skipped breakfast. She'd been so focused on remembering her history presentation that she'd barely touched her morning tea.

Now the liquid sat uncomfortably low in her bladder, a quiet pressure she resolved to ignore until second period. The hallway smelled of industrial cleaner and sweat as she wove through the crowd, her tights whispering against each other with every step. Mina's grip tightened on her textbook as she reached the top of the stairs—a sharp pang radiated through her abdomen when she misjudged the final step. She swallowed hard, forcing herself forward. The history classroom door stood ajar, revealing rows of desks under flickering fluorescent lights. A drop of sweat slid down her temple despite the chill clinging to her tights.

Her seat creaked as she sank into it, thighs pressing together instinctively. The teacher's droning voice faded behind the rhythmic tap of her shoe against the floor. The fluorescent hum of the history room sharpened as Mina clenched her teeth—not from pain but from the slow, insistent pressure mounting below her ribs. Her textbook lay open to a half-annotated page, fingers idly circling a paragraph about feudal taxation systems while her bladder throbbed in counterpoint to the clock's ticking.

Across the aisle, Kazuki stretched, his chair scraping against linoleum in a way that made her flinch. A bead of condensation slid down her water bottle when she nudged it aside with her elbow. She'd only taken two sips since first period, but each one seemed to settle directly into that aching space above her pelvis. The teacher's voice droned on about shogunate reforms, syllables blurring as Mina pressed her knees tighter together beneath the desk.

The bell’s shrill ring cut through Mina’s focus like a blade—she lurched upright, thighs slick with sweat where they’d been pressed together. Her pencil rolled off the desk as she stood, the sudden movement sending a fresh wave of urgency through her pelvis. The chatter of classmates gathering books around her faded behind the pulse in her ears. She grabbed her bag with trembling fingers, the strap slipping twice before she secured it over her shoulder. The hallway stretched endlessly ahead, every hurried step making her tights shift just enough to remind her how much she held.

Mina’s breath hitched as she counted the seconds between classes—three minutes, barely enough to navigate the crowded halls let alone reach the restroom. She pivoted toward the girls’ bathroom only to collide with a group of first-years spilling out of the science lab, their chatter swallowing her path. The second bell’s warning tone sent her stumbling backward into the flow of students instead. Her fingernails dug into her bag strap as she shuffled toward math class, each step sending a hot pulse through her abdomen. The tights clung damply now, the fabric stretched taut where she’d been clenching her thighs together since second period. The math classroom smelled like dry erase markers and overheated laptops when Mina slid into her seat—last row, near the window, where the radiator’s hiss nearly drowned out her shallow breathing.

Her spine stayed rigid against the chairback as the teacher launched into quadratic equations, the numbers swimming on the whiteboard while her bladder pulsed in time with the clock’s ticks. A sudden cough from the front row made her flinch, thighs jolting apart for half a second before she clamped them shut again. Warmth bloomed against the inside of her tights—just a trickle, barely enough to darken the fabric, but the sharp scent of ammonia made her nostrils flare. She crossed her ankles tight under the desk, praying the leak hadn’t seeped through her skirt.

Mina’s knuckles whitened around the edge of her desk as she fought the tremor in her thighs. The trickle had stopped—for now—but the pressure remained, a taut balloon pressing against her pelvis. She focused on the quadratic formula scrawled across the board, lips moving silently as she mimicked the teacher’s calculations, anything to distract from the way her tights clung with damp insistence. The radiator hissed beside her, its warmth doing little to chase the chill from her skin where sweat had gathered at the small of her back. She shifted minutely in her seat, testing the limits of control, exhaling sharply through her nose when another wave of urgency threatened to breach her resolve.

The dismissal bell sent Mina jerking upright, her thighs peeling from the plastic seat with a damp sound. She clutched her textbook to her stomach like armor, the quadratic equations forgotten as she navigated the aisle with stiff, careful steps. The hallway lights buzzed overhead—too bright, too loud—as she angled toward biology, her tights whispering warnings with every stride.Halfway there, a jostle from a running student sent her staggering sideways. Her breath punched out as warmth trickled down her inner thigh—just a few drops this time, but enough to make her freeze mid-step. The leak cooled almost instantly against her skin, the scent sharpening as she pressed her knees together and hobbled forward.

The biology lab reeked of formaldehyde and anxiety as Mina shuffled to her assigned workbench—left side, near the dissection trays. Her legs tangled briefly as she lowered herself onto the stool, thighs clamped together so tightly the plastic creaked. Across the table, Yuto adjusted his safety goggles without looking up, his indifference a small mercy. A beaker clinked when she reached for her gloves, her fingers fumbling the latex.

"S-sorry," she stammered, catching the edge just before it rolled off the table. The sudden movement sent a hot dribble down her inner thigh—just enough to dampen the tights further before she locked her muscles again.The dissection tray clattered as Mina shoved it away—frog organs neatly labeled, her gloves streaked with formaldehyde. Yuto raised his hand for a high-five, his grin stretching when she hesitated before weakly reciprocating.

The slap of their palms jolted her bladder violently. A hot spurt escaped before she could clamp down, muffling a gasp behind gritted teeth. The bell shrilled overhead as the wetness spread, her tights clinging obscenely where the leak darkened the fabric.The lunch bell rang like salvation. Mina practically vaulted from her stool, barely remembering to ditch her lab gloves before bolting for the door.

A cramp twisted through her pelvis as she hit the hallway, each hurried step towards the cafeteria punctuated by little hitches of breath—she needed food first; the bathroom queue would be shorter during lunch hour anyway. Her tray clattered onto the table as she slid between classmates, barely tasting the curry bread she wolfed down. Across the room, the restroom sign taunted her—already three girls loitered outside the door. Mina counted the seconds between bites, fingers drumming against her skirt where it hid the damp patches on her tights.Mina’s chopsticks hovered over her half-finished rice, her bladder throbbing in time with the cafeteria’s fluorescent hum.

She glanced at the bathroom line—still four girls deep, one fixing her makeup in the mirror—and swallowed hard, pressing her thighs together under the table until the plastic chair groaned. The third-period bell would ring in six minutes. She abandoned her tray with a clatter, joining the queue just as the first girl exited. The scent of soap and damp paper towels mingled with the acidic tang of desperation in her throat as she counted the agonizing seconds between each stall door opening.

The stall door banged shut behind Mina, her trembling fingers barely managing to flip the lock before she was yanking down her tights—only halfway, just enough. A high-pitched whine escaped her throat as the first hot release splashed into the bowl, relief so intense her vision blurred. Then the one-minute warning bell screeched through the bathroom. Her muscles clenched instinctively, cutting off the stream mid-flow. A ragged gasp tore from her lips as she fumbled with her skirt, the damp fabric sticking to her thighs where she hadn’t fully emptied herself. The remaining pressure sat like a lead weight as she bolted for the door.

The English lit classroom smelled like old paper and chalk dust as Mina slid into her desk—third row, near the window where afternoon light painted the floor in long rectangles. Her damp tights clung uncomfortably where she'd clenched them dry, but the partial relief from the bathroom made it easier to focus on the assigned sonnet collection. Mrs. Fujimoto's voice wove through the room as she unpacked metaphysical conceits, the rhythm soothing enough that Mina almost forgot to cross her ankles beneath her seat. Almost.

A passing cloud shifted the light across her desk, illuminating the faintest darkening at her inner thighs where fabric had yet to fully dry.The sonnet pages fluttered as Mina turned them with careful fingers—too careful, really, the way her wrist angled to keep from jostling her abdomen. She'd managed to sip just enough water between classes to stave off the headache creeping behind her eyes without reigniting the fire in her pelvis. Across the aisle, Emi's pen scratched rapid notes about iambic pentameter while sunlight caught the dust motes swirling above their desks. 

Mina exhaled slowly through her nose, letting the rhythm of the lecture lull her into something resembling calm—until a sudden cough from the back row made her thighs clamp together reflexively. Mina traced a fingertip along the sonnet's margin, her eyes skimming the same line three times—*"Time's thievish progress to eternity"*—while her bladder twinged in protest. The fluorescent lights buzzed overhead like a countdown as she shifted minutely on the stiff plastic seat, the damp patches under her skirt still cool against her thighs. The bell's shrill ring startled her upright, her textbook thumping to the floor as she rose too quickly. A hot dribble escaped before she could clamp down—just enough to darken the fabric further, but lost in the shuffle of scraping chairs and slamming lockers. She grabbed her bag with trembling fingers, praying the wetness wouldn't show through her pleats. The final bell's echo still hung in the air as Mina bolted from her desk, her bag slapping against her hip with each frantic shuffle-step down the hallway.

Japanese history waited at the end of the east wing—a gauntlet of turned ankles and juddering bladder pressure with every tile she crossed. The smell of ink and old tatami mats hit her nostrils just as she skidded into the classroom, her tights now uncomfortably damp where earlier leaks had cooled against her skin. Inside, rows of kanji practice sheets already lined the desks under the stern gaze of Professor Ishikawa. Mina collapsed into her seat with a stifled gasp, thighs immediately pressing together as the brush and inkstone before her seemed to mock her trembling fingers. The kanji for "endurance" stared up from her worksheet, its strokes blurring as another wave of pressure crested low in her stomach.

Mina’s brush hovered over the rice paper, the tip trembling as she attempted the first stroke of 耐 (endurance). The ink bled slightly where her hand shook—not from uncertainty, but from the slow pulse of pressure radiating from her pelvis. Across the room, Ishikawa-sensei paced between desks, his sandals whispering against the tatami while Mina’s thighs pressed tighter together beneath the table. A drop of sweat slid down her temple just as a fresh wave of urgency crested. She bit her lip hard enough to taste copper, forcing her brush into the next stroke.

The kanji’s horizontal line wavered like her resolve, the ink pooling where she’d paused too long between movements. Between her legs, warmth bloomed—just a few drops escaping before she locked her muscles again, the dampness seeping deeper into already compromised tights. Mina’s knee bounced uncontrollably under the desk, her foot tapping a frantic rhythm against the tatami as she attempted the next kanji stroke. The brush slipped—ink splattering sideways across perseverance — as another hot trickle escaped down her inner thigh. Her free hand flew to her skirt, pressing the fabric hard against herself while her teeth ground together. Across the room, Ishikawa-sensei cleared his throat pointedly at the noise, forcing her to still her leg despite the agony of holding still.

The kanji blurred as tears pricked her eyes—not from shame, but from the sheer physical strain of clenching every muscle below her waist. A choked whimper escaped when she shifted slightly, the wet patches cooling against her skin with every minute movement. Her bladder pulsed in time with the clock’s ticks, each second stretching her control thinner than the rice paper beneath her trembling hand. The dismissal bell shattered Mina’s concentration like dropped glass. She rocketed upright before Ishikawa-sensei finished speaking, her chair screeching backward as ink splattered across half-finished kanji.

A hot dribble escaped down her thigh—she barely registered the spreading warmth before shoving her workbook into her bag with trembling hands. The hallway lights blurred as she stumbled toward the exit, her gait stiff and uneven. Each step sent a fresh jolt through her pelvis, the damp fabric clinging tighter with every hurried shuffle toward the door. The school doors swung shut behind Mina with a hollow thud—her thighs clenched tight as she took the first frantic steps onto the sidewalk.

Each shuffle-step sent a hot dribble down her tights, the dampness spreading in erratic patches with every uneven stride toward home. Her breath came in shallow gasps as she fumbled with her bag strap, the weight of textbooks shifting dangerously when she hitched her hips forward to relieve the pressure. A passing cyclist didn’t notice the way her pleated skirt clung slightly darker at the hem, or how her fingers kept darting to press between her legs whenever the sidewalk emptied. The apartment complex loomed ahead—three more steps to the genkan, two more breaths clenched between her teeth. Mina's key slipped from her shaking fingers as she reached the door, the metallic clatter triggering something primal.

A full-body shudder wracked her frame as warmth gushed down her thighs, tights darkening instantly as liquid pooled around her sneakers. Her breath came in ragged gasps while the flood continued, the relief so overwhelming her knees nearly buckled against the doorframe. The damp fabric clung to Mina’s thighs as she stood frozen in the genkan, her breath coming in shallow gasps. Rivulets trailed down her legs, pooling around her sneakers—she couldn’t move, couldn’t even blink as the reality of what just happened settled over her like a weight.

The neighbor’s TV murmured a laugh track through the wall, absurdly mundane against the scent of ammonia rising from her ruined tights. Her fingers trembled against the doorframe, nails digging into the wood grain. Relief and humiliation warred in her chest—she’d made it all day, only to fail on her own doorstep. A hot tear escaped, tracing the same path as the sweat on her temple The puddle shimmered under the genkan's overhead light as Mina finally unclenched her fingers from the doorframe. Her knees gave out—not collapsing, but sliding down the wall until she sat amidst the aftermath, her pleated skirt splayed like a broken umbrella. The neighbor’s door clicked shut down the hall, footsteps fading away as if the universe couldn’t bear to witness this moment any longer. She peeled her tights away from her skin with mechanical motions, the fabric making a wet sound as it separated from her thighs.

The act was methodical, almost detached—like removing bandages after admitting defeat. A single drop fell from her chin before she realized she was crying. Mina curled forward on the genkan floor, her forehead pressing against her knees as the tears came freely now—not from shame, but from the sheer physical release of tension that had coiled inside her all day. Her shoulders shook with silent sobs, fingers still tangled in the damp fabric of her tights, as the last tremors of relief coursed through her exhausted body. The weightless feeling spreading through her limbs was unfamiliar, intoxicating—like floating after being anchored underwater for hours. She drew in a shuddering breath, tasting salt and the faint metallic tang of her own desperation, and let it out slowly as the last of the humiliation dissolved into something softer, almost cathartic.

The genkan's wooden floorboards creaked as Mina finally pushed herself upright, her damp tights leaving faint imprints on the polished surface. She blinked at the afternoon light filtering through the hallway window—ordinary golden hour rays catching dust motes that swirled above the evidence of her surrender. This would be the day she remembered not for the failure, but for the visceral relief that still thrummed through her exhausted muscles like a fading echo.

