Just what friends do (An Original Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-12-08 21:07

A/N: A commission about two college students who love to party a little too hardy, and tend to wet the bed a lot. They also are completely comfortable masturbating around one another, and end up telling stories about their experiences as well. One messing scene at the very end.

Eric and Zach have always been close, for as long as they can remember. Now that the two of them are in college and living together, sharing an apartment, it feels like they are closer than ever before. As for their college life, it has been everything the two were promised, and then some- at least, when it comes to all of the partying that they are able to do.

But, for the two young men, that really does feel like what the college experience has always been meant for. Neither of them were looking forward to expanding their minds or extending their studies, so much as they were looking forward to the chance to get to party as much as possible, and really live it up. After all, that was how they spent as much of high school as possible, and now that they are truly adults, they have even more opportunity to get up to all sorts of crazy times.

Every weekend is spent hopping from party to party, or going to games, or just hanging around the apartment- anything that best accompanies their frequent drinking. During the weekdays, both will take whatever chance they can find for it, but when there are no classes to worry about, they spend as little time sober as they possibly can. Throughout all of this time spent together, with no inhibitions, they have become more comfortable with one another than with anyone else in the world, and are very open around each other.

This includes everything from casual nudity to outright jerking off without caring if the other is around, but for the two of them, that is completely normal. Perhaps it wouldn’t go over quite as well in anyone else’s home, but as far as the two of them are concerned, there is nothing wrong with the way that they behave, so long as they are both okay with. And it goes without saying that both are more than okay with it, even if neither has put much thought into why they are able to be this comfortable, at least not beyond the basic explanation of “that’s just how it is, being close friends.” Both are probably aware, somewhere in the backs of their minds, that this isn’t just how it is , but…

There are plenty of reasons not to address that, and, either way, as long as they keep things simple, what reason is there to question how things have been so far?

Besides which, Zach has never been shy about his interest in girls, and now that he has somewhere to properly take them home to, he has become that much more prolific in his conquests. A lot of heavy drinking plays into it, but either way, he wants this every bit as much as the rest of his party lifestyle, and it is never strange for him to wake up in bed with a girl that he hardly knows, usually one that he only just met the night before.

Which is a good thing, the fact that he is always spending his time with girls that do not actually know him. Mainly because he has a certain nighttime problem whenever he parties too hard, where, pretty much every time, he wakes up with soaked sheets. Every time, he plays off the fact that he has wet the bed as just a drunken accident, and could not care less if his temporary partner is okay with that or disgusted by it, because he doubts that the two of them will ever see each other again.

Still, it is getting pretty common that he finds himself pissing the bed. That is why Eric is always teasing him about it, as one of the only people aware of the problem besides the girls, and even tells him to take things easier. But, of course, the two of them will still go out and get wasted whenever the opportunity arises, because they both love the lifestyle that it offers them.

For now, Zach is waking up from the latest in a string of mornings spent in in bed with a virtual stranger, and, naturally, he has peed it. This has happened enough times that it has lost its novelty, but he still doesn't feel embarrassed about it. He is not sure who is next to him this morning, unable to quite recall her name, let alone her face, and he doesn't much care. As soon as she wakes up, the two will share a short goodbye before heading their separate ways, and he will just forget her.

For the time being, he lies there, not bothering to look at the girl, and simply thinking back on the party from the previous night. There is not a whole lot there, but it still gets him thinking. The two of them had sex, and then, after falling asleep, he ended up peeing the bed. Nothing out of the ordinary there.

The girl begins to stir, and, soon, she is up. She makes no secret of her disgust for the soaked sheets she has woken up in, and does not like Zach's casual attitude with them. In the end, she dresses quickly and hurries away, not interested in staying to talk. As for him, now that he is all alone, he can feel that his bladder is already rather full again, in spite of the fact that he wet the bed.

He could just as easily hold it in, but then again, he already wet the bed. Since he has already made such a major mess, there is no point in getting up before he is ready, just for something as simple as needing to pee. And so, with that in mind, he begins to relax, so that he can relax his bladder.

His urine is hot and steamy, and the sounds of him letting loose are rather loud, filling the room. He is surprised by just how much relief he feels, just from releasing what he has held since wetting the bed, but he has already grown used to that feeling, so he simply lets himself enjoy it, letting his stream splash against his sheets, taking a moment to fully soak up because of how much there is. It is not as if the bed is not already soaked, and besides, this is the most comfortable position for him, and he can think of no reason why he should bother moving.

With that taken care of, Zach is ready to just get on with his morning. He could use a shower, and probably ought to clean up his room, but, first, he would rather spend a little bit of time relaxing, and perhaps relieving some tension, in bed. It felt so good to willingly piss the bed like that, and he would rather have had another round with his companion, but, as always, he made sure that didn’t happen. Since he has gotten used to losing his chances for a second hookup, he has also gotten used to taking care of business all on his own.

He is still nude, and his morning wood is calling to him. Reaching down, he takes hold of his cock, and starts stroking himself. His mind wanders, and the only thing there is the thought of how he wants to get off, and how good it feels. As he works his hand up and down, a bit more slowly than usual, he is able to relax, and soon, the thoughts of his bedwetting and the girl leaving begin to slip away, forgotten.

But then, as he is starting to get close, the door opens, and his roommate comes walking in, just like he has so many times before.

"Hey," says Eric, casually. "Looks like you pissed the bed again."

"Yeah, guess I did," Zach replies. "I'm trying to have a moment here."

"Go ahead. Don't mind me," Eric says, and he sits down on the side of the bed, watching Zach continue jerking off.

This is another thing that has become a common part of their lives. Eric will sometimes walk in on Zach masturbating, or vice versa, and neither has a problem with this. There is never any weirdness or discomfort, it is just a casual part of their relationship, like how one of them might walk in on the other in the bathroom.

And, as is typical of him, Zach does not mind the intrusion, and continues his masturbation, getting closer and closer to his orgasm. Even with his roommate watching, and even though Eric has been watching him piss the bed, he is able to focus on the pleasure, and eventually, he hits his climax, his come spurting from his cock and landing on his stomach.

"Feel better?" asks Eric.

"Yeah," Zach answers, reaching over to grab a tissue from the nightstand. He wipes his stomach, then balls his hand up and tosses the tissue at the trashcan, making a shot. He wastes no time in getting back to it, still wanting to keep working his cock, so eager to enjoy every second of this.

"So, what did you get up to last night?" asks Eric.

"Nothing, really," Zach replies. "What about you? Anything interesting happen at your party?"

"No, it was just a regular night, not too exciting," Eric says. "Same old shit."

"Cool," replies Zach.

"So, guessing you pounded that girl who just left?"

"Yeah," says Zach. "Just the once, though. Not enough time for round two."

"Damn, and you had a hot one there," Eric says. "No wonder you had to jerk off after the fact. Well, maybe she left cos you...ya know..."

"What?"

"Gave her that wet surprise to wake up to."

"Oh, fuck off," says Zach, and Eric laughs.

When did he start doing this? It wasn’t all that long ago that he first woke up to soaked sheets, was it? Zach thinks back, and the memory comes to him easily, and he works his thumb along the base of his cock as he lets it wash over him. Back then, he hadn’t known what to think…

~X~

Just before he falls asleep, Zach thinks about the fact that he maybe should take a piss before conking out like this. Even in his wasted state, there is still some part of him that remembers that part of his routine, but he can’t bring himself to actually care about it, let alone move.

The truth is, his bladder is a lot more full than he even realizes. Since he is so drunk, he is rather numbed to what problems he actually has, and right now, his bladder is positively bursting, filled to the brim. He had a lot of alcohol, and then some more. The pressure in his bladder is immense, but he doesn't even really register it.

Zach is still wearing his clothes from the day, he realizes. He doesn't feel like stripping down, but his body feels too warm and heavy, and his head spins. Moving seems like too much trouble, but he manages to strip off his shirt, and then kicks off his pants. In just his underwear, his flops back down, and does not pull his blankets on. It feels way too hot in here, and he is not going to smother himself in blankets.

Finally, he is able to fall asleep. Zach is out cold, and he is going to sleep through the night. But as soon as he is asleep, the alcohol has him start peeing. His muscles relax completely, and he lets out a huge stream of piss.

There is so much of it, and there is nowhere for it to go. Zach is laying down, so it is just pooling around him. Piss is gushing out of his crotch, and his bed is becoming soaking wet. All the while, Zach is passed out. He has no idea. It takes quite some time for the massive flow to even soak into the sheets and mattress, and his urine is absolutely drenching the entire area where he is lying.

He is pissing and pissing. It is all coming out of him, and his bladder is still so full, and his body is trying to drain all the excess fluid from his system. Zach's bladder is just absolutely full to the brim with his piss, and it is all draining out, and it is not stopping. Since he is fast asleep, too far gone to wake up, there is nothing to stop him from emptying out completely, and there is a lot to empty.

Finally, it begins to taper off, and his bladder has finally gotten most of the piss out. His bed is absolutely soaking wet, and Zach's whole crotch is drenched in urine. He is still lying on his wet sheets, and the room smells strongly of his piss. He remains passed out, and it will be morning before he even wakes up.

###

Zach wakes up in the morning, feeling groggy. He is confused, and it takes him a few moments to remember how drunk he was the night before. As he tries to roll over and get out of bed, though, he realizes something is wrong. There is a wet, sticky feeling on his skin, and his bed feels strange.

Slowly, it all comes back to him, and he realizes that he must have pissed the bed. He is horrified, and his face burns with shame. This hasn't happened in a long time, but the alcohol had made him completely unable to control himself, and his bed is soaked in his own urine. At first, he is appropriately humiliated by what he has done, but then, it is overtaken by another feeling.

He is used to waking up with a hard on, used to jerking off first thing in the morning, and he is sure that that has something to do with this. Whatever the case, he realizes that he is hard right now, turned on either in spite of or because of his soaked sheets. Zach can't believe how badly this has gotten to him, but his cock is aching with need, and he decides to reach down and take care of it, before he does anything else.

It's not exactly the most hygienic thing he's ever done, but as his fingers wrap around his dick, Zach doesn't care. He can still feel his piss beneath him, and he's so worked up and desperate, not bothering to take off his underwear as he starts to jerk off, he just reaches beneath them.

He is quick, not wanting to draw things out any more than he has to, not wanting to waste any more time when his cock is so painfully hard. Zach moans as he touches himself, getting himself closer and closer to his climax. He doesn't hold back at all, and soon, he is crying out, his hand growing sticky with his own come. For a moment, he is left panting in the afterglow, before the reality of his situation begins to dawn on him.

It's time for him to deal with the fact that his bed is soaked in piss, and the sooner he gets started, the better. He needs to change the sheets, and the mattress will probably need some kind of treatment, too. But at the very least, Zach feels a little better now, having relieved his other need. He can deal with the fact that he's into this later.

~X~

"So, you're just gonna stay in bed all day, aren't you?" asks Eric.

"Why not?" replies Zach.

"Well, I could hardly stand laying in my wet bed," Eric replies, and it takes a moment for the meaning of his words to sink in to Zach.

"Wait, you too?"

~X~

Eric would be more disappointed that he has ended the night alone, if not for how exhausted he is. He definitely saw his fair share of action at the party, so it’s not like it was a completely pointless night; he will just not be sharing his bed with anyone tonight. But, since he is so tired, he isn’t sure if that is actually a bad thing. He hardly feels like he has the energy for another round of anything right now.

It does not help matters that he is extremely drunk right now. He never seems to know when to stop once he gets going, and tonight was no exception. It is a wonder he was able to make it home at all, and, as things are, he can barely remember how he ended up here in the first place. It is impossible for him to take care of himself at this point, which means that it is impossible to take care of his bladder.

At least, that is what he tells himself, and what he has been telling himself for a while. There must have been a point when he genuinely forgot to go, back when accidents were truly accidents, but by now, he does not even bother trying to get up. For all he knows, he is fully capable of stumbling to the bathroom and taking a piss, but he does not feel like finding out for himself. Instead, he would rather go to bed with a full bladder, and see what happens.

“ See what happens,” as if he hasn’t pissed the bed countless times before, as if he doesn’t know what always happen. Whatever the case, he ignores his body’s needs, and allows himself to fall asleep.

Not long after he falls into a deep sleep, he begins dreaming. This dream is nothing special, and yet, it is still enough to make him squirm and groan in his sleep. Though he does not quite understand why, he is suddenly feeling extremely needy. His dream is not sexual, not directly, but it still arouses him greatly, and has him wanting relief.

He shifts about, not entirely awake, and only half aware of the fact that he is doing so. He can feel something warm between his legs, and though it feels nice, he knows that there is no reason for that. But, even as the sensation continues, even as it grows, even as the wetness seeps through his underwear, a part of him insists that it is just a dream, so he should not worry about it.

As far as dreams go, it is rather uneventful, and he is able to sleep straight through the rest of the night. Perhaps it is even easier for him to sleep like this because it is far from the first time that something like this has happened to him, because he has gotten all too used to sleeping in such a mess.

Only after the grogginess of his sleep has faded the next morning does he realize that he has wet the bed, and the moment he realizes that, the discomfort kicks in. With a groan, he rolls over and finds that the sheets have already soaked through. That is not the worst of it, though, as he has to go again, and, now that he is fully awake, he can barely stand it.

But still, he is not quick to get up, and instead, remains laying in his mess.It is not because he wants to soak in the feeling, or because he thinks he can hold it. Rather, he simply does not care, and is still feeling lazy. He is not sure that he will be able to make it to the bathroom in time, and does not want to try, not when he can just relax here and let loose whenever he feels like it. What's the point, when he has already made such a big mess, and no one has to know about this intentional bit?

His eyes remain shut as he begins to let his muscles go slack. There is no need to struggle with this, because the end is near. He can't hold it anymore, and his stream has already started, a steady warmth that pools beneath him, making his already wet bedding that much wetter. The relief is instant, and Eric sighs, feeling his bladder finally empty.

Though he is soaked through and through, and he really should not just lay here, that is exactly what he does. There is no rush to get out of bed, and nothing to clean up, seeing as this is exactly what was expected to happen. Even after he has finished, he stays, drifting in and out of sleep, until he is finally ready to get up.

~X~

"Yep, that's three in a row for me," Eric says. "We're gonna have to be more careful."

"You're telling me," says Zach. "It's a damn shame."

"I hear ya," Eric agrees.

"Man, I'm tired of cleaning up all the time," Zach groans.

"Tell me about it. At least we're used to it, so it doesn't really bother us, but..."

"But we still don't want to have to deal with it, yeah," Zach finishes.

"I guess we've just gotta deal with it," says Eric.

"Or find a way to stop doing it," Zach points out. However, neither of them really see any reason to actually quit, at any point. The effort seems like too much, when it basically seems to be something that neither of them can control, and when it is something that neither of them actually have all that much of an issue with. In fact, at this point, they both feel like they clean up more to maintain appearance, not because they actually care.

For a little while, the conversation fades out for a bit, as Zach continues to focus on stroking his cock, eyes falling shut for a moment so that he can lose himself to sensation. Eric watches every movement, the way his fingers curl around his shaft, the way his hand slides back and forth, the way he thumbs over the tip every now and then. He have never been quite sure what to think about it, but he certainly does not find it gross, or embarrassing, or even uncomfortable. It's just how things are, and he has learned not to question it, because why would he?

Zach's pace begins to increase, as he gets closer to his orgasm, and, soon, he is pumping his hand over his cock, letting out soft grunts. He can feel his climax approaching, but he decides to try and tease it out for as long as he possibly can, just to enjoy this moment. He can't help but be a little bit excited that his friend is watching him do this, and wants to show off a little, at least.

He pumps his fist harder, and faster, until he is pumping his hand as quickly as possible, letting out more moans. His breathing quickens, and the pleasure builds, until it becomes almost overwhelming, and he can hardly take it anymore. But even then, Zach is able to keep it up, and continues pumping, continuing to push his body, and his pleasure, until he is right on the verge, just a few strokes away from release.

Zach can't hold it back anymore. With one final pump of his fist, he comes, crying out as his orgasm overtakes him, his body tensing up as he is completely overtaken by the waves of his pleasure. It is all that he can focus on, and the world around him goes black for a moment. For that moment, he almost forgets their paused conversation entirely, though he can't completely forget Eric's presence in the room.

He is not sure how long his orgasm lasts, but, in the end, it fades, and Zach's vision returns. His muscles relax, and he lets out a content sigh, before finally opening his eyes again. He looks up at his roommate, who is staring down at him.

"So, you really are that horny, huh?" asks Eric.

"Shut the fuck up," Zach replies with a laugh.

"I mean, I didn't say there was anything wrong with it. You can be horny all you want," says Eric. "Especially since she walked out on you this morning."

"You really don't have to keep reminding me of that."

"And you don't have to keep jerking off in your piss stains, but..."

What else is he supposed to do, though? It always feels so damn good, and he has had plenty of experiences like this, leaving him basically trained to need and want this first thing in the morning. In a way, he could even call it a hangover remedy. As he loses himself to his motions, he thinks back to the first time he woke up a girl with such a "surprise"...

~X~

“ What the hell is this?” the girls asks him. Zach really wishes that he could remember her name, but his memories of the night before are extremely fuzzy. For all he knows, he never found it out in the first place. Either way, it does not seem like it matters what her name is, because he can already tell from her expression that he is probably not going to see her again.

“ What’s the big deal?” he asks in return.

“ What’s the big deal? Do you not see that you pissed the bed?!” she shrieks, tone heavy with irritation and disgust.

“ How do you know it was me? We were both sleeping here naked, so…” He knows that it was him, of course, and he is all too willing to take the blame, when he knows that he has a history of waking up wet. All he intends to do is tease her a little bit, but she really doesn’t like that.

"How could you even say that?!" she demands. "That's so rude! Are you really going to try and accuse me of something like that?"

"Of course not," says Zach, and her face softens, at least a little bit. However, his next words ruin the peace, as he adds, "I'm just saying that you have no way of knowing if I pissed the bed or not. Maybe you pissed yourself."

"Maybe you...you..." She sputters for a moment, too upset to think clearly. "Maybe you pissed yourself, and need to just admit it!"

"Well, if I did piss myself, it doesn't matter, right? It's just a little wet, it's not a big deal. It's not like I made did any real damage, or anything."

"How can you be so casual about this?!"

"I don't see why I shouldn't be! It's just an accident, everyone has them every now and then. I guess I just got unlucky this time." He neglects to mention that he gets "unlucky" like this most nights, instead pretending that this is a one off. Zach still has not completely come to terms with what all of this means, even if he has no real issue with it happening by now.

"But, but...I...I can't believe you! This is so..."

"If you want, we can just wash the sheets and go another round. Maybe you'll be the one who pisses herself this time," he says.

"Is everything a joke to you?!"

"I'm just saying, we can have a lot of fun while we're washing the sheets. What, are you afraid you'll piss yourself again?"

She does not respond, looking more and more irritated, before she finally turns on her heel and walks away, gathering her things.

"You can find someone else to screw! I'm not dealing with you and your...your...fucking bladder issues!" she calls.

Zach doesn't even bother calling after her, knowing that she is not coming back. If there is one thing he has learned from this experience, it's that some people are not going to take it with a casual attitude like he does. Since she's gone now, and since he would be worked up either way, he knows that his only option now is to, once again, jerk off in soaked sheets.

Zach does not bother waiting, or trying to talk his way out of his urges. He is so horny right now, and, more than anything, he just wants relief. That means that the last thing he wants to do is hold himself back from masturbating, and his only desire is to get his hands on his cock as quickly as possible.

He reaches between his legs, his fingers brushing against his length. Even that brief contact is enough to have him moaning, and he has no desire to drag this out. Instead, he wraps his hand around his cock, and starts pumping, immediately falling into a quick rhythm, eager to get off.

With his free hand, he gropes at his chest, not really knowing what he's doing, or what he's looking for, just touching whatever feels good. Zach is panting, and, as he starts to buck his hips, thrusting up into his touch, he feels more and more turned on, and closer and closer to the edge. He is so turned on by his own urine, and the fact that the sheets beneath him are damp, and the fact that he pissed the bed, and the fact that the girl he was with is gone, and the fact that it feels so good, and-

There are so many factors involved, but his mind can barely wrap around a single thought, let alone try to figure out where his pleasure is stemming from. All that matters is that he is having a good time, and the fact that his orgasm is approaching, and the fact that, if he does not finish soon, he is not going to have a very happy ending. Luckily, he is able to push through his foggy thoughts and reach his climax, crying out as his hand moves quicker and quicker. The pleasure washes over him, and leaves him a trembling mess, his body overwhelmed. As his orgasm fades, Zach is left panting, and his eyes shut for a moment. He takes his time recovering, and when his eyes flutter open again, he is greeted with the sight of his soiled sheets.

That sight, and the smell, and the feel, is enough to send a wave of arousal through him, and he is hard all over again.

~X~

At this point, he is rapidly approaching his climax once again, the memories too much for him. Lately, it seems like the only stimulation he really needs is the excitement he gets from all of these incidents, and even though Zach knows that that must mean something about him, he never bothers to think too much about it. It is always much easier to just ignore that part, and enjoy things however he pleases, without dwelling on or thinking about anything other than having fun.

As his orgasm draws nearer, he can barely think straight. Everything feels so good, and he has already reached the edge once before. Now, Zach is not sure if he can stop himself from reaching that edge again, and the thought of holding himself back and dragging this out does not even occur to him. Why would he ever want to hold back?

His cock is achingly hard, and it is taking a lot of effort to resist his urge to buck his hips, to try and fuck his own fist, though the temptation is strong. Zach is panting, his breath coming in shallow gasps, and, at this rate, it will not be much longer before he reaches his climax. He can feel his pulse racing, and the heat pooling low in his stomach, and he knows that his release is not far off.

With a moan, he strokes his thumb just under the base of his cock, and that is the end for him. His cock pulses in his hand, and he feels the first wave of his release. The thick, sticky strands shoot up, landing on his stomach, and some of his chest. Even the warmth is enough to get him, and his eyes roll back for a moment as his pleasure washes over him. It is not nearly enough, though, and his hand does not stop, until he has completely coated his stomach and chest in his come.

When his orgasm has finally finished, he opens his eyes once again, and finds that his mess is everywhere. Though it is mostly contained to his stomach and chest, he has managed to make quite a bit of a mess, and, once he comes down from his high, Zach lets out a breathy laugh. It seems like he is all about making messes this morning, making sure that he at least makes it worthwhile, when he has to clean up his bed once again.

"So," Eric says, once the pause in their conversation ends, "didn't the last girl you had over storm out because you pissed the bed too?"

"They pretty much all do," Zach replies, laughing again. "But I already got a piece, so who cares?"

"You're a real piece of work," says Eric, but Zach can tell that he does not mean it in a bad way. After all, he really isn't that different about things, and the two of them are just the sort of friends that can tease each other. Just the same as they are the sort of friends who can watch each other jerk off and it totally not mean anything weird or out of the ordinary. Naturally.

"Okay, so tell me how many times you've pissed the bed lately, then," Zach retorts.

"Hm, let's see," Eric says, actually taking the suggestion seriously. And, just like that, the two of them have decided to start comparing notes, and discussing all of their recent nighttime accidents. "A couple nights...this week."

"Has it started happening even when you aren't drunk?"

"Yep, yep. But you know how it is, that's the best time to just lay back and relax, and not have to worry about anything," Eric says.

"And, I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that you can't really hold it, huh?"

"Nothing at all."

"Well, what about you, then?"

"Me? You mean how often I piss the bed?" Zach asks, and when his roommate nods, he continues, "Almost every night. Usually when I'm drunk, but not always. Sometimes, it's just an accident, and sometimes, it's like I just decide to wet the bed."

"Really?"

"Yeah, really. And it's not even an accident. Like, I know what I'm doing. Sometimes, I wake up with a full bladder, and can barely get myself out of bed, so I just stay put and do my thing. Other times, I'm awake, and I know that I can make it, but I just...don't. I'll sit there and rub my dick and feel the piss coming, and just let it happen."

"And then jerk off in the mess?" Eric teases, and Zach laughs.

"Yep, exactly."

"Damn, that's kind of crazy."

"It's not that crazy. It feels good, and I'm already making a mess, and, hey, why not just get myself off? I'm horny, and it's not like the piss gets in the way of that, and..."

"No, I get it," says Eric. "Actually, I do it too."

"Do what?"

"Get off on wetting myself."

~X~

When Eric first realized that he got off on wetting the bed, it just sort of hit him, all at once. He both can hardly believe it is that easy of a realization, and also can’t believe he was actually so dense that it took him this long to figure it out at all. Really, it is almost too much to bother thinking about, and with that in mind, he decides that he does not need to waste time thinking about it at all.

One of the reasons that it probably should have been obvious from the start, and one of the clues that made it obvious now, is his routine of always needing to jerk off when he wakes up like this. Because, whenever he discovers that he has wet the bed, he always ends up hard, and he should have known that this was more than just simple morning wood, considering it only ever comes on once he figures out what he has done. After that, he always needs to jerk off, and today is not any different.

Taking his cock in hand, Eric begins to stroke himself off, moaning as he does so. There is no holding back with this, as he has not been able to hold back for some time, and now, he feels completely justified in just indulging himself as much as he possibly can. Even if this is not something he should be proud of, he is at least proud of how much he is able to enjoy it.

For so long, he did not let himself accept what this meant, but he can see it now, and knows that the best way to get through this is by letting himself enjoy the guilty pleasure, and lose the guilt while he's at it. So, as he pumps his fist along his cock, he is completely lost in his own pleasure, his own fantasies, and completely lost in thoughts about how wet his bed is right now. He has gotten off to this a few times before, but never so intensely, never quite so certain of what he is getting off to.

As he thinks about how his bed is soaked and soaking more, and how good that feels, and how he did this to himself, and how much better this feels when he is awake, it is enough to make him lose his mind, until he can't hold back anymore. With a gasp, his climax hits him, and he comes all over his hand, his sheets, and the already damp sheets, and then lays there for a moment, enjoying his afterglow and basking in how good that felt.

After all of that, Eric can't help feeling completely relaxed. It is all so good that he just wants to bask in it- at least until he feels up for another round, because, if he has the day off, he might as well indulge in this as much as possible.

~X~

"Wait, seriously?" Zach asks, a bit surprised by this revelation.

"Yeah, it's nice. Sometimes, if I wake up horny, I'll just go ahead and piss myself, and jerk off, and it feels great."

"Damn, I guess I'm not the only one. Who knew, right?"

"I thought it was pretty obvious, considering we're both always soaking our beds."

"I guess I just didn't realize. So, you're a bit of a freak, huh?"

"Hey, look who's talking!"

They both share a laugh, and things grow silent once again. It's great that they can talk about these sorts of things together, like real best friends should. Zach can't help but feel relieved, not only that Eric understands his situation, but also that they can be so open with one another, and that things can remain perfectly casual.

"So, have you ever pissed in someone else's bed before?" he asks, finally.

"No, why? Have you?"

"Once or twice," Zach admits. "It was an accident for sure, though. Talk about humiliating, am I right?”

Eric nods, but there is an odd look on his face. He looks as if he wants to say something, but is weighing his options, and deciding if it is worth it or not. Zach can tell, whatever it is, it’s going to be interesting to him, and it drives him crazy that Eric isn’t just coming out with it. Finally, when he can take no more, he says, “What? What are you thinking, man?!”

“Well, I never did anything in anyone else’s bed, but…I do have an embarrassing story of my own to share.”

“Alright, this I gotta hear.”

~X~

When Eric had stumbled into bed this time, he had paid no mind to the absolute hell going on in his gut. Drinking has that sort of effect on him sometimes, though usually, he finds himself vomiting when fucked up more often, there are times when it hits him the other way just as hard. Especially when he hasn’t been eating right, and his eating habits have been absolute trash as of late, particularly on nights where he’s out partying.

So, it made sense that his stomach was killing him, a pain in his lower gut giving him a warning that he had chosen to ignore at the time. He was drunk and so tired, and it felt good to just let sleep take him, his bed warm and relaxing in light of his stomachache.

At the very least, the pain should have warned him that something was wrong, and yet, here he is, waking up to a completely different situation than he went to sleep with. The first thing that registers is that the pain is even worse, a dull ache spreading through his entire body. It feels as if there is something inside of him that is pushing him, trying to force itself out.

Then, the next thing that Eric is aware of is the feeling of warmth, and a wetness beneath him. He feels groggy and confused, and his mind is slow to put the pieces together. His lower half is wet, and, when he reaches a hand between his legs, he is able to feel the warmth and wetness directly. His pants are absolutely soaked, and as he tries to move, and push himself up, he is greeted with an even stronger, more powerful stench than his usual morning odor.

With a groan, he forces himself up, and when he is able to get a look at the damage, his heart drops. No matter how much he drinks, or how much he pisses himself, it has never been this bad, and it has certainly never been accompanied by a stench like this. As Eric sits there, staring down at his bed, and the shit stained sheets, he is struck by the urge to cry. He does not, though, holding back, and instead trying to think clearly.

He is still hungover, and the pain in his stomach is worse, and, the more he tries to think clearly, the more he realizes that this must have been brewing for a long time. It must have been something he ate, something he had drunk, or maybe even the combination of the two, and, either way, the result was the same. Now, not only has he just shit himself, but it doesn't seem like his stomach has settled at all.

If he moves, if he tries to get up, he fears that this might be the end for him, that the rest of the contents will be pushed out, and he will end up making an even bigger mess. Eric is frozen, not sure what to do, and terrified of the situation. His stomach rolls, and he knows he doesn't have any time left, that he doesn't have any options at all. Maybe he should just give up on holding it, when there is already no saving the situation either way.

He does not have long to consider the idea, however, because before he can reach a decision, his stomach lurches, and, without warning, everything is pushed out of him, all at once. A sharp pain accompanies this, and he can't help the groan that leaves him. His eyes are squeezed shut, but that does not keep him from feeling the way that his pants tighten, and his stomach starts to ache more and more. It is like torture, and, no matter what happens, the only way out is through. Eric does not have the strength to fight it anymore, and gives into the pain and the feeling of it pushing out of him, and the wetness and warmth growing in his underwear.

But then, there is a sudden relief that hits him all at once, this wave of sickness passed, and for a moment, he can forget that he is hungover, or that he has to clean all of this up. For a moment, he is just glad that he feels better, so relieved that he could almost cry. And, hey, at least it isn't the first time that he's had an accident in bed, even if it is the first time that it has been something like this.

Still, he is a lot less eager to clean up the mess, and a lot less enthusiastic about having to deal with it, but there is not much he can do to avoid it. Even if his hangover was gone, even if the pain had subsided, and his stomach was completely empty, Eric would still have a lot of cleaning up to do, and his problems were not going to vanish into thin air.

With a groan, he rolls over and forces himself to his feet, his legs shaking and unsteady beneath him. The smell is even stronger standing, and looking at the state of his sheets is enough to make him wince. It is hard to believe that any one person could produce so much, and harder still to believe that he had managed to keep all of that in until now.

He has a long morning ahead of him, but first, he needs a nice, scalding hot shower.

~X~

“Wow,” Zach breathes, once the story is done. In the aftermath of that, it is all that he can say.

“Yeah, I was like, devastated at the time. But it’s been a while now, and I’ve already gotten so used to pissing myself and kinda like that part, so I can look back on that one and laugh more. You know?” Eric says.

Zach nods, but when he thinks about Eric’s story, he does not really think about laughing. In fact, he can already feel his cock, twitching to life once again, as he considers the details of the story, over and over again. To him, he really can’t imagine much difference between getting off on one or the other, even though he is sure that the difference must be obvious to some people. Hell, even Eric has not presented the idea of shitting himself as something he ever enjoyed , but Zach can’t stop thinking…

Except, then he stops thinking entirely, and instead reaches down to start jerking off again. If Eric understands what has gotten him riled up this time, he does not let on, because he seems entirely oblivious as he scoffs and says, “Again? Seriously, you’re way too horny for a guy that allegedly got laid last night.”

“Whatever,” Zach grunts, as he begins to feverishly work his hand up and down the length of his cock once again, more eager to get off than ever before.

All he can think about as he does it is what Eric went through. He had been so terrified and so desperate, but the release must have felt incredible. Zach has no experience with such things, but he has to believe that the relief must have been so satisfying, and he is already addicted to the feeling of letting go. Now, the thought of shitting himself in the same way, with the same feelings and the same relief, has him completely enthralled, and he can hardly stand it.

He can feel himself nearing the edge so quickly, and he knows that this time, he is not going to last nearly as long. It is all because of his friend and his friend's story, and now, it is impossible for him to hold himself back. With a shudder, he gives into the sensation, and the moment of bliss is so quick that it leaves him almost disappointed, as if he had not been satisfied.

Zach slumps against the bed, panting as he recovers, and his thoughts return to him. He is already ready to try this for himself, and see what it is like, but, at the same time, he knows that it is not exactly an easy thing to make happen on a whim. Instead, he will just have to be more careless in certain ways at the party he attends tonight, in the hopes of a similar outcome.

“Are you finally done?” Eric asks. “You’ve got a lot to clean up, you know.”

“Yeah, I know,” Zach sighs, and decides that he should be done, at least for now. He really does need to start getting cleaned up, after all.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

