Trapped on the roof (An Azumanga Daioh Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-04 17:16

A/N: yet another commission I'm getting caught up on, and this should be the end!

Osaka and Tomo are stuck up on the roof.

The two of them went up alone, which was probably already not the best idea, all things considered. Even worse was the fact that they would not tell anyone where they were going to have their lunch, because this was meant to be a super secret meeting, that not even their closest friends could know about. All decided on impulse, of course, but that did not stop either of them from taking it incredibly seriously in the moment. To them, this was a matter of live or death, until it was time to get down to business, and both realized that they did not actually have anything to meet over.

But neither would waste the secret meeting that they had managed to secure, and so, they just enjoyed their lunch together, all alone on the roof, with no one bothering to look for them, no one wanting to get involved in whatever the two of them might be up to. Now, lunch is over, and they are ready to go back down, but there is just one little problem: the door is stuck.

Osaka tries it first, and turns around with, giving Tomo an empty smile as she says, “You try it, I can’t get it.”

“Oh, get out of my way,” Tomo replies, certain that the other girl is either joking around with her, or just too weak to give the door the proper tug it needs. Either way, she knows that she is perfect for this job. She puts her hand on the knob, so that she can turn it effortlessly, but when she tries that, she finds that it really is stuck. Or, at least, it requires a bit more effort than she has put in, but that is nothing that she can’t handle.

Giving it a harder twist does not do anything to help, however, and Tomo takes a moment to steel herself, taking a deep breath, and planting her feet firmly on the ground. Letting out a battle cry, she goes for it one more time, putting all of her strength into it, and all the while, Osaka is at her side, watching eagerly, certain that Tomo can pull it off.

At least, until she lets go of the doorknob, her shoulders sagging as she lets out a defeated sigh. “It’s totally stuck. I can’t get it.”

Osaka cocks her head, still smiling at her for a moment, before a look of horror finally crosses her face. “You don’t mean that we’re stuck up here?”

“Afraid so,” she replies, shaking her head. “We’re completely stuck. The only thing we can do now is stay calm, and patiently wait for help to come.” With that, she starts banging her fists on the door, and shouting at the top of her lungs. “Come get us out! Someone open this door! Help! Hurry up already, we’re stuck here!” She repeats that over and over again, until Osaka is at her side, joining her and mimicking everything that she does.

However, it seems that there is no one passing through the stairwell that leads to the roof. There is no one around to hear them, no one who responds to these desperate cries for help. Tomo is quick to run from the door, to look down over the edge of the roof, but there is no one milling about outside to ask for help either. Just when she starts to wonder where everyone could be, the bell rings, signaling the end of their lunch break, meaning that everyone else has already gone back to class.

“It will be fine,” Tomo says at last, sounding completely confident. “Once we don’t show up for class, everyone will start to worry about us, you know? Once the search party is out and about, someone is bound to come and check the roof, and then, we’ll be saved!”

“Yeah, you’re right!” Osaka agrees, believing her completely. All the two of them have to do is settle down and be patient, and in no time, their classmates will be on the hunt for them. All they have to do is wait and out, and then they can go back to class like nothing happened.

Things would be a little bit easier, Tomo muses, if she did not have to pee right now, but she knows that she can wait quite a bit longer on that as well, at least until help finally comes for her.

~X~

“But aren’t you worried about them?” Chiyo asks in a soft voice. Yomi, however, shakes her head.

“If they want to ditch class for their secret meeting, then that’s up to them,” she replies, not at all concerned about the fact that Tomo and Osaka are running late. “They’ll come bursting in here later with something stupid that they’ve been working on all afternoon, I’m sure.”

“But what if they get in trouble?”

“Then that’s up to them, they can take care of themselves. Well…mostly,” Yomi says. “Besides, Yukari is out of it today, and I think they’re probably trying to take advantage of that. It wouldn’t surprise me if she didn’t notice they were gone.”

“Well, alright…” Chiyo mumbles, not exactly convinced. She is still worried, because it does not seem like them to be this late, but she does not know what else to do about the situation, not without getting them in trouble by pointing out their absence. Or worse, getting herself in trouble because she decided to try and go look for them. For now, she will just keep it to herself, but she can’t stop stealing glances at the door, wishing that Yomi was right, and that the two of them really would charge in any minute now.

However, no matter how much time passes, there are no signs of their missing classmates.

~X~

“The rescue team sure is taking their sweet time,” Tomo complains.

“Maybe they don’t know to look up on the roof,” Osaka suggests, but that just earns her a scowl from her friend.

“Come on, that’s the most obvious place to look! If I were searching for someone, that is the first place that I would check,” she replies, not that complaining about any of this really does much of anything. It does not even help to make her feel better, or even provide her with any entertainment. She is still just as bored as ever, and what is worse, there is that nagging need to pee that is really starting to get on her nerves.

Since she did not think she would be stuck here all day- because why would she?- she was not careful about the drink she had with lunch. Normally, she goes to the bathroom right after lunch, so she has not visited it since this morning, and her need is starting to make itself more and more known, since she has missed the usual window in which she would relieve herself.

Tomo does not want to say anything about it to Osaka, because in her mind, that is pretty embarrassing. The last thing she wants to do is make it seem like she might have trouble holding it. Obviously, she is going to be fine while she waits for her friends to come find her, because she could hold it for hours if she really wanted to. The only problem at all is that it is annoying to have to deal with, but beyond that, she is completely fine, nothing to worry about. Even if she were stuck up here until the very end of the school day, she would still be holding strong, and that is why she does not want to mention anything to Osaka. There really is no reason to call attention to the fact that she has to pee.

But she does hope that she can go sooner rather than later. The fact that she has to wait at all is still a complete and total pain, and she would rather not have to deal with it at all. It is not to the point that she would consider herself desperate or anything, but standing still is starting to feel kind of irritating, and she finds herself squirming in place whenever she is not paying attention to what she is doing. Fortunately for her, Osaka has not noticed that yet, but if she keeps this up, then she knows that her friend will be able to tell that there is something going on, and it will be impossible to hide it at that point.

Biting her lip, she tries to think of something to distract herself, so that she is not focused on the throbbing of her bladder, becoming more incessant with each passing moment. Unfortunately, nothing comes to mind, and she just as bored as before, so bored that she almost wishes that she were in class right now. Even that would be better than this prolonged torment.

While Tomo is caught up in her own thoughts, Osaka is starting to fidget. At first, she is not sure why she feels like this, but then she realizes that she forgot to go to the bathroom on her way to lunch, because she got so caught up in her shared excitement with Tomo. It was just so much fun, talking about their secret meeting and hurrying off, making sure that no one else was following them, that she did not think about an important part in her daily routine. Normally, she always goes to the bathroom right before lunch, but today, it completely slipped her mind.

That, combined with the fact that she had something to drink with her lunch, does not bode well for her bladder, but she is not sure if she should mention that or not. After all, there is nothing that she or Tomo can do about the fact that they are stuck, and it is her own fault that she forgot to go to the bathroom. It would probably seem silly for her to voice her need now, and would just call attention to something that she is not going to be able to take care of any time soon.

So she just has to make sure that she holds it. If Tomo is right about th8is, and Osaka can think of no reasons why she wouldn’t be, then they are going to be rescued any minute now. Their friends are going to worry about them and come looking for them, and since the roof is the most obvious place, they will be trying the door soon enough. Even if there is a problem all around, making it impossible to open from the other side, they will be able to find a solution down there, even if they have to break it down.

So there is no reason for her to worry about anything. If she can just forget the fact that she needs to pee, then it will not even bother her anymore, and then, before she knows it, she will be free to go to the bathroom. Until then, she will sit patiently with Tomo, the two of them silent for the time being, as they both wait for time to pass, both hoping for rescue to come sooner rather than later.

The problem is that her need quickly begins to grow worse. Or, perhaps, it was already this bad, but she had not really noticed before, because she was not thinking about it, but now that she has spared it some thought, the need persists, nagging at her and doing whatever it can to catch her attention. Osaka squirms in discomfort, now unsure of just how long she is going to be able to keep her need to herself. If help does not come soon, she is not going to be able to hold still, and Tomo is going to notice her behavior, and it will not be hard to figure it out then.

And so the two of them are both aware of their need to pee, and both definitely not willing to let the other one find out about it. Both are left hoping that things clear up soon, and both try and ignore that nagging fear that they might not be able to make it as long as they might need to, in a situation like this. There is really no telling how long they will be stuck up here, and since no one has come to find them yet, the chance that they might be stuck like this until the end of the school day becomes more and more likely.

Tomo tells herself over and over again that she can hold it until then. Even though she does not understand why no one would come to find her before then, she at least knows that, when school lets out, she can lean over the edge of the roof and scream for help, easily getting someone’s attention. If that is what it comes down to, then the only thing that she can do is wait it out. In her mind, that should not be a problem, because she has no doubt she can keep holding it…she just really hopes that she does not have to hold it that long.

Her body is not as certain as her mind, and she feels another twinge of desperation, trying so hard to get her attention. She bites her lip, trying to take her mind off of it, to restore her confidence before it falters too much. The worst thing she can do right now is lose faith in herself, when she already knows for sure that everything is going to be just fine. In fact, she is certain that the only way things might not turn out okay is if she allows herself to think negatively about the situation. As long as she can keep up her usual, boundless confidence, then everything is going to turn out just as she says it is.

At least, that remains the best thing to tell herself, so that she does not consider the possibility of anything else happening.

Even with all of that confidence, as time ticks on, her bladder begins to protest more and more. Missing her routine bathroom break is definitely not good for her in this situation, and the juice she had with her lunch is going to join in soon enough, making it that much worse for her. It is hard for her to not think about it when her need keeps popping into her mind, as slight twangs from her lower abdomen steal her attention, and make her worry about if she is really going to be able to stand this for that much longer. There are still a few hours before school even lets out for the day, and there is no telling how long it will take to fix the door from the other side, if it is not stuck because of something simple.

But she definitely should not think of that, because that just fills her with a sense of dread that does not at all befit the situation, and leaves her even more antsy. By now, she is having a much harder time holding still, and she just tries to make sure that her movements are nothing that would catch Osaka’s attention. She usually does not hold still for very long, so she can only hope that that, combined with her friend’s tendency to not be the most observant, will be more than enough to cover all of this up. Fidgeting about, she just takes steady breaths, and continues to remind herself that everything is going to be just fine. As long as she is able to hold it, everything is going to be just fine.

Osaka does not notice, just as Tomo would have hoped, but part of that is due to just how distracted she is on her own. It has left her plenty antsy, and she is also left squirming and fidgeting about, wishing that she could be a little more subtle about it, but knowing better than to try and push things when she is definitely getting way too close to her own limit. She does not know how much longer she is going to be stuck up here, but she does know that trying to hide her need, and prioritizing that over actually holding it, is only going to lead to more problems for her.

Her legs are shaking at any moment, and she decides that sitting is only worse on her, so she stands on those shaking legs, jiggling them a bit more to try and make it easier. They have been up here for a while now, and she is getting to the point that little movements like that do not really do anything for her. While facing away, she presses a hand into the front of her skirt to try and help things, and hopes that Tomo is still just as distracted as whatever she has on her mind. Osaka has no idea what it could be, but it must be something pretty important to have Tomo so focused.

Of course, all Tomo is actually focused on is her own bladder, her situation just the same as Osaka’s. Since neither of them will mention it to the other, neither of them realize that they are both just as desperate, and both struggling with the same problem. At least then, they might be able to share in their suffering, but as things are now, neither want to come out and say that they have to pee, both just waiting for their chance to get off of this roof.

Tomo is certain that she is going to run faster than she ever has before just to make it to the bathroom, just to put an end to all of this suffering. Her confidence is really beginning to falter now, and she can’t seem to recover it this time. Is she really going to wet herself because of this? The more doubt creeps in, the less she is able to be sure of herself, and she is really beginning to worry now.

The day continues to drag on, but still, both girls continue to fight, neither wanting to look at the other while they squirm around, trying to keep things hidden, not realizing what they would see if they spared each other a glance. However, both know that if they do much more than this, that it is probably going to become obvious, and that they are not going to be able to lie about what they are going through.

Osaka rubs her thighs tight together to try and prevent any leaks from escaping, to try and keep herself as dry as possible. There is a part of her that is really tempted to just let a little bit out, nearly convinced that she would feel a lot better if she just let some out. Not too much, just enough to take the edge off, and still so little that her panties would be able to absorb it all, with none of it running down her legs. But just before she goes through with that, she realizes how silly of a plan that is- she is so desperate now that there is no way she would be able to stop at just a little bit, and she would end up completely wetting herself on the spot.

If that is out, then she can’t let any escape, or else that could mean the end of this. However, just rubbing her thighs together is not doing anything for her, and these little squirms are not doing much either. If she is going to keep holding it for the remaining time, she is going to have to do a lot more than this, and that will also make it obvious to Tomo. She knows that, but she also knows that anything is better than wetting herself, so maybe it would not be such a bad idea to just admit to the problem and get that part over with.

She is considering that, weighing her options, when Tomo suddenly cries out, “Oh, I can’t take this anymore!” Immediately, Osaka turns to look at her in concern, surprised to find that she has a hand jammed between her legs, pushed up under her skirt, barely able to stand still. From her pose and the way she is moving about, it really looks like she has to…

“I have to pee so bad, I can’t stand it! Just…don’t you dare tell anyone about this, but if I don’t do something drastic, I’m totally going to wet myself!” she cries, and upon hearing that, Osaka can’t help but be pleased. “Huh? What’s that smile for? You better not be making fun of me!”

“No, it’s not that, it’s just…I gotta pee too!” she says, her smile growing. With that, she feels no reason to hold back, not when Tomo is being so open about her own desperation. She pushes a hand between her legs as well, and it definitely feels a lot better to be able to hold herself like this. It does not help that much, and she knows that she is still absolutely bursting, but at least like this, she can hold back a little longer than she may have if she had still been trying to hide her desperation.

Plus, it just feels better to know that she is not the only one in a bad situation right now. She is not happy that Tomo has to pee, or anything like that, but she is at least happy that she is not alone, and that the two of them will be fighting this battle together. Of course, that only makes her want the situation to be cleared up that much faster, so that Tomo does not have to worry about this either.

As for Tomo, she is a little bit relieved to find that, not only is Osaka not making fun of her, but that she is just as bad off as her. Actually, she secretly hopes that Osaka is doing worse, because if it comes down to it, and they are not able to make it, she wants to at least be the last one standing. However, she does not say this out loud, and instead focuses more on her own struggles, not commenting further on the situation. The two of them are definitely in a lot of trouble if they don’t get rescued soon, and since the end of the day is so close now, that really is their only chance.

But that means she does not have to hold it too much longer, and if she has waited this long, then she wants to think that she will be able to wait all the way until the end. Ideally, both she and Osaka will be able to make it, but Tomo really does not care as much about her friend’s predicament as she should, not when she considers her own to be that much more important, that much more urgent. No matter what, she is not going to be the one who ends up wet.

By now, both of them are holding themselves without bothering to hide it, and both are squirming and dancing around with dramatic movements, neither needing to worry about looking silly in front of the other anymore. Whatever it takes to make sure that they make it out of here, no matter how ridiculous it is, is an absolutely valid option right now. Neither can bother with being ashamed, because they both know that they are going to be a lot more ashamed if they actually do lose control, and if they actually do wet themselves on this roof.

But time is not on their side, and they have already been forced to wait for such a long time already. Things are getting critical. There is nothing left for either of them to do other than keep fighting like this, their movements becoming more frantic. Each pang of desperation leaves the effected girl completely panicked, and time feels as if it has frozen completely, while their needs continue to exacerbate.

When Tomo feels herself leak, she lets out a strangled cry, unable to hold that back anymore than she could the burst of liquid. She knows that she is at her very limit, and school is still not out for the day. There has still been no attempts at rescue, and there has been no one for them to try and flag down to come and help them. She is almost at her limit, and she does not think she is going to make it. Even the fact that Osaka seems completely frantic, on the edge herself, does not offer her much comfort.

She is not going to make it, and she knows that now, even though she does not want to accept it. Someone could come to the door right this second and open it, but there is no guarantee that she is going to make it all the way down the stairs and to the nearest bathroom before she loses it, and that is assuming the door will open with no trouble, and is not stuck from the other side. And that is pretending that there is actually someone there, ready to open the door, even though Tomo knows for certain that that is not the case.

She is going to wet herself, and she just wants to be able to hold on a little while longer, just so that she can outlast Osaka. That is the only thing she can fight for now, since she knows that making it is absolutely impossible, so she holds herself tight, and does not allow her legs to go still for even a moment, fighting against any further leaks, fighting against the flood that wants out so badly. But even with all that effort, another leak slips past her defenses, and then another, and then Tomo realizes that she is not leaking anymore.

She just barely has the chance to yank her skirt up, rather than continuing to hold herself and let her hands get wet. If only she had the chance to get her panties down, if only she had thought about that before it got to this point, but she was too busy trying to convince herself that she could make it. Now that she is already losing control, it seems so obvious.

Despite her humiliation, it feels so good to be able to let it out like this. Her panties are quickly soaked through, and it splatters to the ground beneath her, a puddle rapidly growing at her feet. That is more than enough to catch Osaka’s attention, who gapes at the sheer amount of liquid pouring out of Tomo all at once. She knew that her friend really had to go, but she did not realize just how bad it was until now, now that she can see just how much she was holding back.

But then it hits her that this means Tomo has already lost out, that she is already wetting herself, and Osaka feels really bad for her, and worse still for standing here, staring and marveling at it all. And then she feels a jet of urine soak into her panties, soaking through so that she can feel it on her hand, and she remembers that she is about to be in the same situation, if she does not keep her focus on holding back.

Unfortunately, it is already too late for her, and there is nothing that she can do to stop this now. By letting that little bit out, and by letting her guard down for too long, she already sealed her fate, and now, she just has to accept it. At the very least, Tomo losing it first gives her the idea to lift her skirt as well, just narrowly managing to avoid getting it wet as she begins to soak her panties, peeing full force as she lets go of everything that she has been holding back all this time.

It feels really good to let it out like this, and for the moment, she does not really care that she is wetting herself, or that she is supposed to be really embarrassed right now. It feels too good to worry about any of that, and she relaxes for the first time in hours, letting out a long sigh of relief. She knows that she definitely feels better about this because Tomo is wet too, because neither of them were able to make it. If Tomo had held it to the end, she would probably be a lot more embarrassed, but since they are wetting themselves together, it really does not feel that bad.

Tomo does not exactly share that sentiment, but by the time her bladder is completely, she knows that there is nothing she can do about it, and that lamenting it is not going to dry her panties. The end of the school day is coming, and at least then she can rush home to get herself cleaned up and into some dry underwear. And, hopefully, since she did not get her skirt wet, she will be able to hide what happened to her, but that is only provided Osaka can hide it as well, and can keep her mouth shut about it.

And hopefully no one will notice the puddles up here on the roof either, or if they do, they will assume it was something spilled, and not guess at the humiliation. Either way, Tomo knows that she needs to make sure Osaka knows that no one else can ever know about this, and that she needs to start drilling it into her now, to make sure that it sinks in. But as long as all of that works out, then she can at least be glad that this situation could have been a lot worse.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

