Directionally Challenged (My Dad The Rockstar Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-09-21 18:40

A/N: Another commission for vexer!

Serenity was still having a hard time figuring out her way around her family's mansion, even though they had been settled in long enough that she should know where everything was. If she didn't follow a direct path from her room, sometimes she could get turned around so easily that she had no idea where she was. It was a little bit embarrassing that she got lost in her own home like that, but no matter how hard she tried, she just couldn't figure it out for herself. Sometimes she thought about trying to make a map of the place, but that would be even more embarrassing and would take far too much effort, way more than she was willing to put in.

That being said, it was still difficult for her and it still frustrated her to no end, even if she wasn't willing to go very far to correct her situation. She hoped that one day her sense of direction would improve enough that she wouldn't have to worry about getting hopelessly lost in her own home, but until that time came, she kept having to put up with her own frustration as the pattern continued, again and again and again.

It was on such a day where she got lost that things really got bad, though she didn't realize it at the time. It was the weekend, but a particularly uneventful day, and she had gone down to the kitchen to eat something. While she ate her lunch, she drank a few glasses of water, not sure why she was so thirsty. By the time she had finished lunch, she had consumed three, and she filled up a fourth to take with her when she decided to go watch television for a little bit.

Unfortunately for her, she got lost on her way to the television, and went in circles, sipping at her water and growing increasingly more frustrated with her situation. By the time she reached a familiar room, she had already finished her water, and the room she had ended up in was the kitchen again! She really had gone in a complete circle, and she refilled her glass before wandering off again. This time, she managed to figure out where she had a made a wrong turn and it didn't take her as long to finally reach her intended destination.

She sat down and began watching TV, sipping at her fifth glass of water while she did and not really considering how much she had already had to drink. Even after her glass was completely empty, she didn't think much of it, and even when she felt a slight nagging at her bladder, she managed to ignore that as well, preferring to pay total attention to her show instead. It was rare that she had so much free time, and she was really enjoying the chance to relax like this, so much so that she was able to block out the early sensations letting her know that all the water she had had to drink was making its way to her bladder.

In fact, she was able to comfortably watch TV for about an hour before she really began to notice the fact that she had to pee, and even then, she didn't want to get up just yet. She wasn't thinking about the fact that finding her way to a bathroom from here would be a pain or about the fact that she had had so much to drink that things would get very worse, very quickly; Serenity was enjoying herself and enjoying relaxing so much that those things weren't on her mind at all.

But her bladder kept filling, slowly but surely, until once again it tried to make itself known to her. A sharp twang shot through her abdomen and she winced, wondering if she should get up and go to the bathroom now. Her show was nearly over, and she really didn't want to miss any of it. It would just be ten more minutes, not counting the commercial break, and she was nowhere near as desperate as she would have to be to lose control, so she was confident that waiting a little bit longer, and that it wouldn't be a problem at all.

The commercials felt like they were dragging on forever, however, and once they were over, her bladder had filled to the point that it was really starting to become impossible to ignore. In fact, it was getting full to the point of distraction, and she squirmed as she watched her show- though she wasn't really hearing or seeing what was going on in the show because she was getting so distracted. Her bladder throbbed and demanded more attention than she had to spare at the moment.

By the time credits began to roll, she was on the border of being miserable, and it hurt a little bit to stand up. She definitely waited a bit too long and has decided to get up not a moment too soon, but still it hadn't occurred to her that finding her way to a bathroom is going to be a pain. It wasn't until she was standing in the hallway, trying to figure out whether to go left or right, that she realized what a huge mistake she had made. Where, exactly, was the nearest bathroom?

She knew that they had several bathrooms in the mansion and yet she couldn't, for the life of her, remember which way to go to find one and which one was closer. In fact, she could hardly remember where in the mansion she was, and she could feel a sense of dread creeping over her. Closing her eyes, she imagined the layout as best she could, but no clear picture ever came to her. What direction was her bedroom even in?

Finally, she settled on one, but she wasn't too sure about it, and she was getting more and more nervous as her desperation grew. Each step she took felt wrong, and added pressure that she really, really didn't need, and the hallway seemed to stretch on for an eternity. Her bladder throbbed, crying out for relief as she searched on and on, entirely fruitlessly. She groaned quietly, looking in a room even though she knew it wasn't the right one. She wasn't going to leave any stone unturned, because she had the naive hope that she might discover a bathroom she didn't know existed, given the fact that she knew so little about her house to begin with. It was very unlikely, but in a race against time like this, she was willing to look for any potential shortcuts.

Unfortunately for her, every room proved to be equally useless to her. Most of them were just decorated with useless memorabilia, and each time it felt like the whole room was laughing at her and her situation. Why had she waited so long? Why, why, why hadn't she thought this through a little better? She knew that she was going to get lost, and yet she had allowed herself to watch TV for so long that she was put in this horrible position. Not to mention the fact that she had allowed herself to drink so much water, even though she was guaranteed to have a hard time finding the bathroom.

God, she felt like such an idiot! All she could think about was how she needed to get to somewhere she recognized, but just wishing for that didn't make it so, and she tried not to think about her need for a little bit, hoping that she could at least be a little bit less frustrated, if not a little bit distracted by how awful it was getting. It was bad, but she tried to look on the bright side because, of course, it could have been much worse.

She had been desperate before in her life, naturally. There had been times when she had been pushed close to her limit, and she had had several close calls, much closer than this, and she had still made it. There had been times when she hadn't made it too, but she had been very young back then and didn't like to think about it now. Especially not now that she was in this situation, only wanting to think about how she could make it much longer, because she had done so so many times in the past.

And she had! She kept reminding herself that she had, she had been so much worse off than this before and she had managed to hold it. Never mind the times she hadn't, because that was when she was younger and that didn't count right now, not when she was bigger and her bladder was stronger and she was definitely going to make it on time, no matter what. What did it matter if she was lost? She was going to find her way in no time, it would just take a little bit more looking!

She thought all of this while ignoring the fact that her search felt completely hopeless. She reached a wall and had to turn around, backtracking past everything she had already passed until she felt like she made a wrong turn, but there was no way to tell if the area just looked unfamiliar because she was terrible at remembering where she had been or if she was genuinely not backtracking correctly. Eventually, she decided not to worry about it, because if she went a way she never had before, it didn't matter- there could still be a bathroom this way, after all!

Her own encouragement was starting not to work, however, and if she wasn't even able to convince herself, then she knew that things had to be getting hopeless. She could feel herself starting to sweat, and it was becoming incredibly painful to walk as her overly full bladder throbbed and jostled. She couldn't believe that she had allowed herself to get this full, that she had actually had that many glasses of water. The worst was that the last one was still making its way to her bladder, so she was still getting more full by the second.

If she got much worse, then she wouldn't be able to hold it even with all of her willpower concentrated on the task, because there was only so much she could contain, and she was sure that too much more would push her beyond her natural limits. She didn't have much time, and she had no idea where she was, and she had to stop and lean against the wall, crossing her legs and jiggling her knees, giving herself a break to try and get herself under control. It was getting so, so bad.

The tighter she crossed her legs, the easier it got to hold on, but once she tried to uncross them and move, it felt much more unbearable than she remembered it being. Had it gotten worse or had she just gotten used to having a way to relieve the pressure? She crossed her legs again, promising herself that she was just stopping to regroup and that she would get back to moving in a minute. Taking a deep, shaky breath, she squeezed her thighs tightly together once and then separated her legs, starting to walk back down the hallway. She knew that she really didn't have much time left, which meant that she didn't have any time to waste.

Oh, but walking was getting so difficult! If she went too quickly, she felt herself on the verge of leaking, and if she went to slow, she could feel her precious time slipping away from her. Her bladder felt as if it were on the verge of exploding, and there was nothing she could do about it except keep looking and keep looking, but nothing seemed to be working out in her favor. She was trembling with every step that she took.

The first leak came because she tried, despite knowing better, to walk a little bit faster, and she jostled herself too much, causing her bladder to protest and contract, spilling just a little bit over. She gasped and stopped and jammed a hand between her legs, under her skirt, and she managed to get it under control, but her heart was pounding and she was made much more nervous by this. Her panties were just slightly damp, and she could feel the discomfort from that as she resumed moving down the hallway.

Serenity was starting to wonder if she was really going to make it or not, but she tried to ignore that sort of negative thinking. There was no point in worrying about what might happen, right? Her thoughts weren't even making much sense anymore, but she didn't know what else to do. She knew that things were looking bad for her and that leaking for that first time meant that she was doomed, but she had to keep trying. It wasn't completely hopeless until she had given up, and for all she knew, she was almost to a bathroom.

But time went on, and nothing changed except for the fact that she was feeling more and more full by the second, more and more hopeless. She had to take another break because she felt close to leaking again, and this time she could tell when it was coming on so she wanted to do all she could to stop it. She leaned back against a wall again, legs tightly crossed, and this time, she jammed a hand between them, grabbing at herself and trying to hold back as much as she could.

The only problem was that, while this helped, she knew that once she stopped, she would be helpless again. If she stopped holding onto herself, there was no way that she would be able to keep from leaking, but if she just stood there, then she was most definitely going to end up wetting herself. For a moment, she wondered if allowing the leak for the sake of walking would be worth it, but there wasn't much of a question there. Finally, she let go of herself and hesitantly began to walk down the hallway again.

Almost immediately, a warmth spread through her panties as a long spurt escaped, and this time, it was a struggle to get it to stop. For just a second there, she really began to panic, because she thought that she had lost control for real, and she didn't even allow herself to breathe a sigh of relief when she realized she hadn't, because she was still too close to losing her control once and for all.

Steeling herself, she kept on, trying to ignore the desperate signals coming from her bladder. She found herself biting her lip so hard that she nearly drew blood, and she blinked back tears, whimpering to herself. Was she really going to make it? She couldn't even force herself to think positively anymore. She knew that there was a very slim chance of her making it out of this and she was certain that she was going to start crying at any moment, but all she did was keep moving forward and keep checking in every room until suddenly, unbelievably, the area of the house began to look familiar to her!

It almost seemed too good to be true, but she was certain that somehow, her searching had managed to lead her back to her bedroom. Which meant that it wouldn't be that much further down the next hall before she would reach her bathroom, and now she felt closer to crying tears of relief. It really looked like, after everything, she was going to make it after all!

But she should have known better than to allow herself to be so hopeful so quickly. She still had the remaining distance to cover and she was still much too close to her own limit, so much so that she really couldn't allow herself to be confident, even knowing that she was getting closer. In fact, in her attempt to go faster and cover more ground, she leaked a third time before she even passed her bedroom.

If I just stop for a little bit, I should be okay, she thought. I'm so close already! And I at least know where I'm going now. She wanted to get herself under control again, to make sure that she could close the remaining distance between herself and her bathroom, so she stopped right outside her bedroom door to jam her hands between her legs and bounce up and down until she started to feel like she had herself back under control. Unfortunately, she was very wrong in that regard, and this time, she found that she actually couldn't afford to move her hands.

She was beyond her limit, and if she had any hope of holding it, even for such a short distance, she couldn't let go. Of course, at this point, she knew that she really didn't have anything else to lose, and that anything would be worth it, and so she took a few steps with her hands between her legs, grabbing herself as she walked, slowly, agonizingly slowly. Just around the corner, she kept reminding herself, just around the corner and then she would be there.

Her heart pounded in her ears as she rounded the corner, and her bladder throbbed and spasmed, and she started leaking, again and again and again but she didn't let go of herself and she didn't stop because she was almost there and then. As soon as she crossed the threshold, when she was just a few feet from relief, her body gave up on her, and she collapsed to the floor as she began to wet herself.

Crying out in distress, she felt the warm liquid spreading and soaking through her panties, puddling on the ground around her, but the relief was so immense that she could not do anything but sit there, and she could certainly do nothing to stop it at this point. All she could do was sigh as the relief washed over her in such strong waves that, for a moment, she forget that she was wetting herself. But when it was over, and the puddle she sat in had extended beyond the reach of her legs and begun to grow cold, she was snapped back to harsh reality.

Groaning, she stood up, knowing that, even though this experience had exhausted her, she would have to clean this up before anyone found out about it. Now, if only she could remember where the laundry room was...

