Trainer lodge halloween party (Two Pokemon Commissions)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-24 12:45

A/N: First story is Kieran wetting, second story is Olivia and Marnie.

Kieran already feels plenty awkward at the Trainer Lodge Halloween party. Though the costume was his own idea, and though Florian seems to enjoy it a lot, actually wearing the maid dress out and about it a lot more embarrassing than he expected. Still, he is here now, and he is doing his best to just cut loose and enjoy the party, the same as he would if he were in his ordinary clothes. After all, everyone else is in costume as well.

However, there is one thing that starts to weigh on his mind after a little while, which makes it hard for him to focus and enjoy things. There is a nagging sensation from his bladder that lets him know he’s going to need to use the bathroom sooner rather than later. At first, he tries to ignore it, but as the minutes tick by, that only grows more insistent, until he is forced to admit that it is not going away.

He does not want to admit that, though. Forcing himself to excuse himself from the party, make the long trek to the bathroom, all while wearing this outfit...it feels like it would be so much more embarrassing than just holding it. The costume is a lot frillier than he expected, and it rustles with every move, calling even more attention to himself. If he had to make that walk of shame right now, in front of everyone...

No, he can’t do it. He’ll just have to hold it. That’s all. As long as he’s careful, he should be able to manage, right?

He just needs to not think about it. He needs to get lost in the party, in the music, in the fact that Florian keeps looking over at him with such a bright, adoring smile that it makes his chest feel tight and warm. Kieran focuses on that smile, letting it be the thing that anchors him, that keeps him from dwelling on the pressing issue. He’s so focused, in fact, that he almost doesn’t register when Florian approaches him with two cups of punch.

“Hey! You looked like you could use a refresher. This stuff is great, isn’t it?” Florian says, holding one of the cups out to him.

“Oh! Thanks,” Kieran stammers, accepting the cup, knowing that it would be rude not to. He watches as Florian takes a long sip from his own, and he feels obligated to do the same. The cool, sweet liquid is a momentary relief against the sudden dryness in his mouth, but the second it hits his stomach, he regrets it. A fresh, sharp wave of pressure hits him, and he has to clench everything down tight to keep from embarrassing himself right then and there. He sets the cup down on a nearby table a little too quickly, the plastic clattering against the wood.

“Whoa, you okay?” Florian asks, tilting his head. “You look a little pale.”

“Fine! I’m fine!” Kieran says, a little too quickly, a little too loud. He forces a smile that he hopes doesn’t look as pained as it feels. “Just…got a bit of a chill, is all.” As if to emphasize the lie, he gives a little shiver that’s only half faked.

“Here, let me.” Florian, ever the gentleman, steps closer, wrapping an arm around Kieran’s shoulders. The gesture is meant to be comforting, but the sudden, close contact makes Kieran jump. Florian’s arm is a warm, heavy weight, and it makes the fabric of the dress feel suddenly much tighter. Every muscle in Kieran’s body tenses up, a desperate clench. He can feel a tiny, betraying leak, a hot spurt that makes him gasp softly. Though he's able to cut it off, the damage is done. A small, damp spot is now blooming in his underwear, a tiny, shameful secret that only he knows about.

Florian seems to notice his discomfort, pulling back slightly. “Still cold? Man, it must be really getting to you.” His brows are furrowed with concern. “Maybe we should get you somewhere quieter? Somewhere you can sit down for a bit?”

“No, really, I’m alright,” Kieran insists, though he’s not sure he’s ever felt less alright in his life. He has to shift his weight from one foot to the other, an almost imperceptible motion, but it does little to alleviate the pressure. If anything, it only makes him more aware of the full, heavy feeling in his lower stomach. He presses his thighs together, the rustle of the frilly apron suddenly seeming deafeningly loud in his own ears. “Let’s just…let’s just stay here. By the snacks.”

He reaches for a plate to have something to do with his hands, but the motion sends another jolt through him. Kieran freezes, his knuckles white where he’s gripping the plate. The urge to squirm, to grab himself, to do anything to relieve the pressure is overwhelming, but he can’t. Not here. Not in front of Florian. Every laugh from the party, every thump of the music, feels like a direct assault on his bladder. He’s trapped.

His mind races. He could shove past Florian, make a run for it, but it's too late. The damage is already starting. That tiny, warm patch in his underwear is growing, a slow, creeping bloom of heat that he can no longer stop. He tries to clamp down, a final, desperate attempt to hold back the flood, but it’s useless. His muscles betray him, spasming, and then release.

It starts as a trickle, a humiliating warmth that seeps into the fabric. He gasps, a sharp, choked sound that he can't contain. His eyes go wide as the trickle becomes a stream, then a flood. The sound is mercifully masked by the party music, but he can feel it, the hot, relentless rush soaking through the thin material of the maid dress, tracing a path down the inside of his thighs. The apron, once just a source of embarrassment, is now a sodden, heavy weight against his legs.

For a moment, the world stops. He can't breathe, can't think, can only stand there, frozen in horror as he utterly, completely wets himself in the middle of a crowded party. The warmth spreads, a shocking, unmistakable wetness that puddles at his feet. He can feel the dampness clinging to him, the wet fabric of the dress clinging to his skin, and the shame is so overwhelming it feels like a physical blow.

"Kieran?" Florian's voice cuts through the fog of his humiliation. He’s not pointing at the ridiculous costume anymore. He’s looking at him, really looking at him, and his smile has vanished. His eyes are wide, his brow furrowed in confusion, and then, dawning comprehension. He glances down at the growing puddle, then back up at Kieran's face.

"Oh," Florian breathes, the sound barely audible over the din of the party. "Oh, Kieran."

___

Olivia has dressed for the Halloween party as a trainer from another region that she admires. She enjoys being in the Phoebe’s typical outfit, and finds that it compliments her body quite well. However, she has not had much of a chance to enjoy being in her costume at this party, because she has been stuck in line for the bathroom for far too long.

At first, she did not even have to go that badly, and debated leaving the line a few times. However, she remains long enough that the need grows a bit more, and she realizes that, if she loses her place in mind, it is only going to make things more difficult for her later, when she inevitably has to pee desperately. So she sticks it out, and her patience has been rewarded with a bladder that is currently screaming for relief.

Marnie is just behind her in line, dressed in the familiar black dress of her Champion outfit for the evening. Though she carries herself with her typical stoic grace, Olivia can sense the tension in the other girl. She’s been shifting her weight from one foot to the other, a subtle but constant motion that speaks volumes. Olivia knows that look all too well. She’s seen it on her own face in the mirror when she’s been caught in a similar predicament.

“Long line,” Olivia says, trying to make conversation to distract herself. The urge to squirm is nearly overwhelming. She presses her thighs together, feeling the pressure building, a heavy, insistent weight in her lower stomach that makes it hard to focus on anything else.

Marnie just grunts in response, her arms crossed tightly over her chest. “Could be worse,” she says, her voice a low murmur. “Could be at the end of the line.”

Olivia laughs, a little too brightly. “Very true.” She wishes she could be as nonchalant as Marnie seems to be, but she’s not sure how much longer she can last. She can feel a tiny, betraying leak, a hot spurt that makes her gasp softly. Though she's able to cut it off, the damage is done. A small, damp spot is now cooling in her underwear, a tiny, shameful secret that only she knows about. But the knowledge of it is enough to send a fresh wave of panic through her.

She glances at Marnie, who seems to be having a similar struggle. The other girl’s face is pale, and she’s pressing her lips together into a thin line. Olivia can see the muscles in her jaw working, a clear sign that she’s fighting a battle of her own.

“Are you okay?” Olivia asks, her voice barely a whisper.

Marnie nods, her gaze fixed on the bathroom door. “Fine. Just... need to go. Badly.”

“Me too,” Olivia admits, the confession a relief. “I don’t know how much longer I can wait.”

Marnie’s eyes meet hers, and for a moment, there’s a flicker of understanding between them. “Yeah. Me neither.”

They stand there in silence, two desperate souls united by a common enemy: a bladder that’s about to burst. The line isn't moving, the music is pounding, and the pressure is mounting. Olivia can feel the last thread of her control, stretched taut as a wire, and she knows it’s about to snap. She’s not sure she can make it.

She closes her eyes, trying to think of anything but the overwhelming urge to pee, but it’s no use. The need is all consuming, a roaring in her ears that drowns out everything else. Olivia presses her thighs together, the movement subtle, desperate. She can feel the damp patch in her underwear, reminding her of what is to come.

Beside her, Marnie is struggling just as hard. Her usual cool composure is cracking, replaced by a desperate need. She’s bouncing on the balls of her feet, a tiny, frantic motion that she can’t seem to stop. Her knuckles are white where she’s gripping her arms, and her breathing is shallow and ragged. She’s trapped, just like Olivia, a prisoner of her own body.

Olivia can't help but steal another glance at Marnie. She sees the younger girl looking utterly undone by a full bladder. There's a strange, twisted sort of camaraderie in that. A shared humiliation. "It's...it's really bad, isn't it?" Olivia whispers.

Marnie doesn't answer at first. She just gives a sharp, jerky nod, her eyes fixed on the bathroom door as if she could will it open with her mind. "Worst I've ever...had it," she manages to grind out, each word strained. She uncrosses her arms, one hand flying to press into her crotch, a futile gesture to quell the storm raging within. The black fabric of her Champion's dress is taut across her stomach, and Olivia can almost feel the desperate pressure radiating from her.

The sight of Marnie so utterly undone is both a shock and a strange sort of comfort. It’s a shared misery, a silent understanding passing between them. Olivia’s own desperation spikes, seeing Marnie’s hand pressed so firmly against herself. Her knees feel weak, and she’s terrified they’re about to give out from under her.

Just then, the bathroom door at the front of the line swings open. A trainer in a bulky Machamp costume stumbles out, laughing, and the line shuffles forward. One person. That’s all it is. But for Olivia and Marnie, it’s a catalyst. The tiny, hopeful surge of movement, the promise of imminent relief, is the final straw. The last thread of control, stretched beyond its limit, snaps for both of them at once.

It happens to Marnie first. Her body goes rigid for a heartbeat, then slumps. Olivia hears it- a faint, hissing sound, easily lost in the party's noise, but unmistakable to her. She watches, horrified and fascinated, as liquid begins running down Marnie's legs, pouring out from under her dress and puddling at her feet. A small whimper escapes Marnie’s lips, a sound of humiliation.

The sight, the sound of Marnie’s undoing, is enough to shatter what little composure Olivia has left. The image of that spreading puddle is a mirror for her own impending disaster. She feels a jolt, a deep, internal clench, a final, desperate plea from her body that she can’t answer. Her bladder spasms, and then releases.

A hot, powerful stream soaks into her panties. The warmth is shocking, an immediate and undeniable sign of her failure. She gasps, a choked, ragged sound. She tries to stop it, to clench her muscles and hold back the flood, but it’s like trying to stop a tidal wave with her bare hands. The heat spreads rapidly, down her thighs, trickling past her knees. She can feel it running down her legs, the wet fabric of Phoebe's loose skirt clinging to her skin.

Neither can avoid being seen like this, two soaked girls who weren’t able to wait it out in the bathroom line.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

