Stakes (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-31 14:39

The digital clock on Iono's monitor glows 7:58 PM. In two minutes, the stream goes live. Penny sits opposite her on the other side of the sleek, white desk, her posture rigid. The chair feels too hard beneath her, a deliberate choice, she's sure. Everything in Iono's streaming room is deliberate, from the neon pink and electric blue LED strips pulsing along the walls to the strategically placed plushies of her favorite Pokemon.

"Chin up, Penny!" Iono's voice is loud even without her microphone on. "Viewers can spot a bad mood through the screen."

Penny just pulls the sleeves of her oversized hoodie down over her knuckles. The fabric is a comforting weight, a shield. She doesn't want to be here. But she lost a bet, a stupid, impulsive bet made in a rare moment of online bravado. And Iono, being Iono, had capitalized on it immediately, turning a private humiliation into a public spectacle.

A spectacle with very specific, very alarming rules.

A timer appears on Iono's main monitor. 7:59:45. Iono leans forward, her face illuminated by the soft ring light. Her makeup is immaculate, a vibrant splash of color that seems to defy the very concept of subtlety. She winks at Penny. "Ready for the Battle of the Bladders, Paldea? Let's go!"

The red "REC" dot blinks to life. Iono's persona snaps into place, her smile widening, her energy dialing up to a thousand. She says her catch phrase with practiced enthusiasm, her hands making exaggerated gestures, greeting the chat before getting down to business. "And tonight, we have a very, very special guest!"She gestures towards Penny. "You all know her as the mysterious genius behind the most epic hacking incidents in history, the one, the only...Penny!"

A wave of emotes and greetings floods the chat box. Penny gives a weak little wave, her face burning. She doesn't look at the camera, focusing instead on the small, half empty water bottle on the desk in front of her. They'd been drinking, quite a lot, over the course of the last hour. It had been Iono's idea, of course. Gotta fill up the tanks before the competition!

"Alright, you all know the rules!" Iono continues, her voice a cheerful, relentless barrage. "We've been hydrating. Now, we hold. The last person to...well, you know...is the winner! And the winner gets to decide the loser's fate! What's it gonna be? What dastardly, delightful, and definitely NOT sponsor approved punishment will I unleash if I win? Or will our quiet little Penny surprise us all and claim the throne?" She leans conspiratorially towards the camera. "Bet a lot of you are rooting for the underdog, huh?"

Penny feels the first real twinge. A dull, distant ache deep in her lower abdomen. It's nothing, not yet. Just a notification. A system prompt telling her the process has begun. She can ignore it. She focuses on her breathing. In. Out. She imagines her own personal fortress, walls of pure code and logic, sealed tight.

For the first half hour, it's almost bearable. Iono carries the show, effortlessly. She reads donations with loud, theatrical voices, does impressions of other Gym Leaders, and tells a rambling, hilarious story about her Pawmi getting stuck in a vending machine. The chat explodes with laughter and praise. Penny remains silent, a small, still island in a sea of chaos. She sips from her water bottle when prompted, the cool liquid a torturous promise. Each swallow adds another drop to the tank, another drop of pressure against the dam.

The ache becomes a persistent pressure. A dull, heavy weight. Penny shifts in her seat, trying to find a position that eases it. There isn't one. She crosses her legs, then uncrosses them. She presses her thighs together, a futile attempt to reinforce her fortress's gates. The LED lights in the room seem to pulse in time with the deepening throb in her bladder.

"Feeling the heat yet, Penny?" Iono asks, grinning at her. The camera pans to Penny's face, blown up huge on the monitor. She knows she looks pale, tense. She can feel the fine tremor in her hands.

"No," she lies, her voice barely a whisper. She clears her throat. "I'm fine."

"Big words from the reigning champ of quiet confidence!" Iono chirps. She stretches her arms over her head, a move that looks casual but Penny knows is calculated. The stream chat fills with comments about Iono's flexibility, her energetic personality. They don't see the sweat beginning to bead on Penny's upper lip.

An hour passes. The pressure is no longer dull. It's sharp. A constant, insistent demand for release. It's all she can think about. Every sound, every movement, every flash of light from the chat box is secondary to the single, overwhelming imperative building inside her. Her fortress is under siege. The walls are holding, but cracks are starting to form.

"You know," Iono says, leaning back in her chair. The movement is fluid, confident. But Penny sees it. The split second hesitation, the way Iono's smile doesn't quite reach her eyes. "This is tougher than I thought! All that water we drank...it really adds up!" She lets out a little laugh, but it sounds tight, a little too high pitched.

For the first time, a flicker of something other than despair ignites in Penny's chest. Maybe she's not the only one. She watches Iono with a new, predatory focus. The streamer is fiddling with her mouse, clicking at random things on her screen, a nervous habit Penny has never seen before. Her leg, under the desk, is bouncing, a frantic, staccato rhythm. And then Iono does it. She crosses her legs, tucking one foot tightly behind the other knee, mirroring a posture Penny abandoned ten minutes ago as being insufficient.

The chat, of course, explodes. IONO IS STRUGGLING!!!, THE QUEEN IS FALTERING!, ITS ANYONES GAME!!!

"What? Me? Never!" Iono says to the camera, her voice dripping with false bravado. "Just...getting comfortable! You gotta be comfortable to go the distance, right, Penny?" She turns to Penny, and in her eyes, Penny sees a shared, desperate plea. They are in this together now, two players in the same agonizing game.

Penny manages a jerky nod. Her own control is threadbare. Every fiber of her being is screaming at her to give up, to run to the small, private bathroom just off the streaming room. But the thought of losing, of what comes after...it's a worse kind of pain than this. The humiliation on display versus the humiliation in private. She chooses the private torment. She squeezes her thighs together so hard her muscles tremble. She can feel her control slipping, a single, warm bead of moisture escaping before she can clamp down with every ounce of her will. She lets out a tiny, involuntary gasp.

Iono hears it. Her head snaps around, her expression a mixture of fierce competitiveness and genuine concern. "Whoa there, partner. Don't tap out on me yet!" Her own facade is cracking. A fine sheen of sweat makes her face look dewy under the ring light. She keeps her smile plastered on, but her breathing is coming faster. She takes a sip of her own water, then immediately seems to regret it, her eyes widening slightly as the new liquid adds to the internal pressure.

The pretense is gone. Iono no longer tries to hide her struggle. Her chair creaks as she rocks forward, her body curling inward, both hands pressed flat against her lap. Her cheerful facade has fractured, leaving raw, unfiltered desperation. Her usually rapid fire commentary has devolved into ragged, panted breaths and strained whimpers. "Okay," she gasps, looking directly into the camera, her pupils wide and dark. "Okay. This is...this is real. It is so, so real."

Penny can no longer sit still. Every nerve ending is on fire, screaming for relief. She bounces in her seat, a frantic, useless motion. Her hands fly between her crotch and her stomach, trying to apply pressure wherever it might do the most good. Her head is thrown back, her eyes squeezed shut, her brow furrowed in concentration. She can feel every single drop of liquid sloshing inside her, a heavy, agonizing tide demanding to be set free.

"Oh, no, no, no..." The words are a choked whisper from Iono's lips. She has both legs crossed so tightly they seem fused together. She's bent almost double, her forehead nearly touching her knees. Her usually vibrant hair is starting to cling to her temples with sweat.

They are a mirror image of each other's agony. The stream, the viewers, the chat- it's all faded into a distant, irrelevant buzz. There is only this sensation. The battle is no longer against each other, but against their own traitorous bodies.

Penny feels a spasm, a violent, warning cramp that makes her cry out, a sharp sound of pure distress. She doubles over, copying Iono's posture, her hands clutching herself with a desperate strength. The dam is leaking, she can feel it. A terrifying, hot warmth that spreads for a second before she clenches every muscle she has, willing it to stop.

A full body tremor wracks Penny's frame. Her fortress, the one built of code and logic and sheer stubborn will, is not just cracking, but crumbling, breaking. A hot, terrifying spasm courses through her, a liquid fire she can no longer contain. A tiny, sharp gasp escapes her lips, her eyes flying open in pure horror.

"Please..." she whimpers, the word so quiet it's swallowed by the sound of her own ragged breathing. "Please, no."

It starts as a trickle. A betraying warmth that seeps into the fabric of her panties, a tiny defeat that heralds a total collapse. Her body, pushed past its absolute limit, simply gives up. The trickle becomes a flood, an unstoppable, scalding torrent. A dark patch spreads rapidly across the crotch of her jeans, a stark, undeniable announcement of her failure. The sound is shockingly loud in the quiet room, a distinct, liquid hissing that seems to go on forever.

A choked sob tears from her throat. She doesn't stop peeing. The pressure vanishes, replaced by a spreading, shameful warmth and the overwhelming smell of urine. She is a statue of mortification, frozen in the act of her ultimate humiliation. All the fight drains out of her, replaced by a hollow, aching emptiness. She has lost.

For a long moment, there is silence. Iono remains doubled over, her own struggle forgotten as she stares, wide eyed, at the spreading wetness on Penny's jeans. Then, with a final, shuddering gasp of her own, she surges forward, her body still tense, but the tide within her still at bay. She won.

The victory comes with a prize, and that is enough for Iono to momentarily forget even her own desperation. She looks at Penny, at her tear streaked, horrified face, and a slow, wicked smile spreads across Iono's own features, a predator's smile. The streamer persona clicks back into place, fueled by the rush of triumph and the sight of utter defeat. The rush of victory is a potent drug, temporarily drowning out the desperate screaming of Iono's own bladder. She leans back in her chair, a triumphant, predatory smirk stretching her lips. The heat in her abdomen is still a raging fire, but for now, the power she holds is more intoxicating than the need for relief.

"Well, well, well," Iono's voice is a purr, amplified by her microphone, filling the room and washing over the shuddering form of her opponent. "Looks like we have a loser, folks!" The chat erupts, a flurry of excited, cruel, and captivated emotes and messages. "And you all know what that means. Time to pay the price, Penny."

Penny looks up, her face a ruin of shame and disbelief. Her soaked jeans cling to her thighs, a cold, miserable reminder of her failure. She shakes her head, a tiny, pathetic gesture. "No...Iono, please..."

"A bet's a bet," Iono says, her grin widening. There's a cruel delight in her eyes now, the look of someone who has absolute power and is savoring every second of it. "The people want a show. Don't you, chat?" She leans towards the camera, winking, though her gaze remains fixed on Penny. Of course, they'd discussed the stakes ahead of time, only keeping them a mystery for the viewers. But now, saying it out loud, it feels realer, more brutal. "You know the rules. Loser gets naked. On camera. For me."

She knows there's no escape. The camera is still recording. Slowly, her fingers trembling so badly she can barely manage, Penny pulls her hoodie over her head. It drops to the floor with a soft, sad sound. Her hands move to the hem of her shirt, and she hesitates, her eyes pleading with Iono one last time.

Iono gives a sharp, impatient nod, her own body coiled tight as a spring. But the exertion of holding on, combined with the adrenaline of her victory, is a volatile mix. She leans forward, about to issue another taunt, when a sudden, violent tremor wracks her body.

"No..." she gasps, the word a strangled cry. Her eyes go wide with the same horror Penny's held moments ago.

The dam breaks. A hot gush of liquid erupts from her, soaking through her bright shorts with a sudden, audible hiss. The shock is absolute. Her triumphant smirk dissolves into a mask of pure, undiluted shock. She had won. She was supposed to be the one in control.

And in that moment of mutual, shared ruin, a strange, defiant fire ignites in Penny's chest. She strips off her shirt, then her bra, her hands no longer trembling. She shucks off her soaked jeans and underwear, kicking them away. She stands, naked and flushed, in the center of the camera's view. Her humiliation is complete, but she is no longer its only victim. She looks Iono dead in the eye, a silent challenge passing between them.

"Well, since I've lost too..." Iono starts, as she stands next to Penny. Without wasting a moment, she starts to strip as well.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

