I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I'll Die?!

Author: Zentou

*000*2023-07-25 14:48

Chapter 1: The Curse

Tyria drew her sword and pointed it at an old witch. Tyria was 23 years old, slightly dark skinned, and had freckles along her cheeks. Her subtle red hair was tied into a ponytail and came down to just below her ears. Her fierce blue eyes cut daggers into the witch. She wore a dark green shirt with blue pants and black bear fur boots. Her armor was small and polygonal and was colored cream with yellow highlights on the edges. “Now leave this village and never come back! You mischievous hexs have no place in this town!”

The witch had grey, wrinkled skin. Warts plastered her face and her pupils were as black as night. Her limbs were boney and she seemed to be only wearing a sack on her torso. Her hair was patchy and gray. A true bottom dweller. “You have no proof that those were even my hexs! It could’ve been any other witch!” the witch said, flailing her arms about, making the sound of popping joints.

“That’s not what the townspeople think!” said Tyria, “The shopkeep saw you wandering around where the totem was found, no one else is talented in the magic arts as much as you are, and no one else would make that hex do the thing that it did unless it appealed to a specific taste! One that the townspeople say that you specifically have!”

“I’m a resident of this town too, you know! You can’t kick me out! I’ll sue!”

Tyria then closed in fast and held the sword at the witch’s neck. “You can’t sue if you’re dead.”

“So you admit what you’re doing is wrong!”

Tyria pushed her word deeper against the witches neck. “Don’t push it.” she said in a threatening voice.

The witch growled. “Augh! Fine! You win! I’ll leave!”

“Good.” Tyria said with a smile. She then sheathed her sword and swung around on her hell, walking back into town. “Find some other town to prey on!”

The witch grunted and hobbled down the path. She walked until she was about a mile out of town. “Me, place hexs around town. Psssh! Lucky guess, bitch. Stupid adventurers. Ever since the dark lord has been slain, my hobby gets harder to sustain since there are so many new novices to take on the small fry.” The witch grunted again. She swung behind a tree, popped a cork off a glass bottle and took a swing. “Ah yeah, that’s the good stuff.” She placed the bottle down on the ground and began to levitate in a meditation pose. Her eyes flashed open with yellow light shining out of them. “Let’s get a quick fix in before I move on to the next town.”

In her mind, an overhead view of the town appeared. As her eyes moved, so did her vision of the town. Specific people were highlighted in yellow, to which she eagerly approached and observed. But her enthusiasm quickly waned as she scanned them.

“Tch, 46%.” She moved on to the next person. “37%” Then the next. “Ohh, 56%. Maybe I can watch this one for a bit and-” Suddenly, her vision faded between reality and her potion vision. “No! Come on! I just need a little more time!” She quickly picked up her potion and drank what little remained. She then tossed it aside after realizing it was empty. “Damn it! It’s been so hard to make more of these potions. That was all I had left!” She took a deep breath. “No, I must use this time wisely. The tavern should work, I’m always able to find subjects there.”

The witch focused her vision on the tavern, where she saw a promising sight. “Yes! A line! I might finally be able to get some good action here!” She moved in close to observe the people. All of which were waiting patiently outside of a bathroom. The witch’s enthusiasm faded again. “The highest here is 64% full! And she’s at the front of the line! Are there no more risk takers in this town.” Suddenly, the witch felt the hairs on her neck stand up. She sensed a significantly powerful need. “Oh, and who might that be?” She turned around to see who had just entered the tavern. “Oh, you…” The witch said in great disappointment. It was Tyria.

Tyria walked over to the barkeep to talk business. As she did so, the witch watched in earnest. “To think you were 87% full in front of me. Impressive of you to keep a front like that. Less impressive that I wasn’t able to see through it. God, I must be losing it at my age.”

“Yo, barkeep!” shouted Tyria.

A small girl over the counter turned her head. “Coming!” She lifted her dress and ran over to Tyria. “So, any news?”

“I managed to find the hex, destroy it, and kick its creator out of the town. All in a day no less.” said Tyria, nonchalantly picking at her fingernails with her thumb.

“Whoa! That must be why business has been running so smoothly lately!” said the barkeep.

“So the hex is affecting the townspeople now?”

The barkeep shook her head. “Nope. At least, I don’t think so. No accidents today! When that hex was active, I’d be cleaning up the floor at least 10 times a day! Some of them were even… my messes.”

“Well, glad to see everyone making it on time.”

“Yeah. It will take another couple days before we know for sure. But everyone’s been extra cautious the past few hours. Everyone’s sick of being publicly humiliated so I assume they go at the first sign of need.” The witch groaned at this statement.

Tyria subtly crossed her legs. “Speaking of need.”

The barkeep clapped her hands together. “Oh yes, you need your reward, I’ll go fetch it for you!” She ran off behind the employee door.

“That’s not what I-” Tyria sighed. She waited patiently on the bar, leaning her body against it and she subtly bounced in place, feeling her need to pee catch up with her.

“We’ve reached 90%!” said the witch, still looking through her potion vision. “Come on! I need you to lose it so I can get my revenge!”

Then, the barkeep came back out the door. She dropped a small sack of coins on the table right in front of Tyria. “Here ya go! 1000 Lyobies, as promised!”

Tyria leaned in for a whisper. “Yeah, thanks. But there was another thing.”

“Oh?”

“I’ve been running around town all day and I kinda need to pee. And the line there is looking pretty long. Do you think-”

The barkeep held her hand out. “Sorry ma’am! But employee bathrooms are for employees only. Company policy.”

“Well, does company policy prevent you from letting me have next in line?”

The barkeep thought for a moment. “No, I don’t recall a rule like that.”

“Then maybe-”

“But I’m sorry! Even if I could, it would reflect poorly on me and the business to have favorites.”

“Oh, but what if I-” Tyria put a Lyobie coin on the table, “did this?”

The barkeep quickly snatched the coin and inspected it. “Shame on you, Tyria. Exploiting my greatest weakness.”

“Will you make a show of it?”

“That will cost extra.” Tyria sighed as she pulled another coin out of the bag. The barkeep caught it and giggled. She jumped on top of the bar while pocketing the coins and shouted, “Attention ladies, gents, and everything else in between!” The whole tavern looked at her and fell silent. “As you know, our town has been plagued by a hex that has afflicted everyone with a curse. Everybody became prone to a particular need and were publicly humiliated for not respecting said need more than they reasonably had too. This did not stand with us! We came together and called upon our resident adventurer to dispel this hex and to oust the individual responsible.” The barkeep gestured to Tyria. “Our very own Tyria Yanah has rid us of such mischievous behavior!” The whole bar cheered.

“Booooooo!” sad the witch to herself.

“As a special thanks, she will be given priority to the services of the tavern. Be nice now everyone!” finished the barkeep, winking and making an OK sign with her hand. The tavern rejoiced in agreement and continued on with their days.

“Thanks for the show.” said Tyria, exhaling somewhat worriedly. “Now the bathroom.”

“Yes yes, I know. You’re really an attention hog, you know that?” said The Barkeep, getting down from the table. “Follow me.” The two went down the hall towards the bathroom.

“Special privileges?!” said the witch. “Right when I was so close to seeing something good! I swear that, Tyria. You won’t get away with this!” But then a thought came to her mind. “Wait a minute. I won’t let her get away with this! Yes! I have a plan!” She exited her potion vision and ran back over to the empty bottle she tossed, spit in it, swirled it around, then drained it. “Yes! You don’t get to take away my pleasure without suffering the consequences! I’m coming for you, Tyria Yanah!” The witch pulled out two more potions. One was black and the other blue with yellow swirls. She drank the blue one and focused. Tyria Yanah. She had been holding it for quite some time, but her poker face was formidable. The witch imagined the need she must’ve been in. The swollen bladder, the focus she must exert, the feeling of slight relief with every subtle cross of the leg.

The witch exhaled slowly and opened her eyes. Darkness. “Oops, I didn’t make a teleportation potion to the void again did I? What is it labeled as? Augh! I can’t see, maybe if I just-” Suddenly, the witch stumbled into something. She seethed in pain, jolting back only to hit another thing. Then, the sound of crashing glass and metal sounded out as she got buried by all manner of dark objects.

Outside, Tyria and The Barkeep were walking down the hall when they heard crashing coming from a nearby broom closet. “What was that?” said the Barkeep, moving to investigate.

“It’s probably just rats or something.” said Tyria, “Could we please just hurry?”

The barkeep put her fists on her hips. “Hmph! How dare you insinuate that I don’t keep proper pest control in my establishment!”

“So you made the company policy?”

“Uh, w-we don’t gotta talk about that!” The Barkeep moved swiftly to push Tyria along. “Plus, you’re getting a free ticket to the front of the line, aren’t you? Best hurry!”

As they left, the broom closet door opened. A floating black potion, seemingly being drunk by nothing, was completely emptied in the air. “Let’s hope this invisibility lasts. It’s been a while since I’ve attempted something like this.” She followed Tyria down the hall, making as little noise as possible, throwing the empty potion back in the closet.

As Tyria and the Barkeep entered the bathroom, they found a familiar face. She had very bright skin, long and straight blonde hair, and a beauty mark just under her left eye. Her green eyes were bored and her full expression even more so. She wore a blue, frilly, mage dress with white aprons over it, the sleeves coming straight and true to her wrists. The dress only came down to just halfway down her thigh, leaving enough of her thigh exposed to house a little rod of some kind on a belt strap. Lastly, she wore snakeskin boots along with some black knee high stockings.

“Meliay?” asked Tyria.

Meliay looked at them. “Hey, I hope you don’t plan on cutting!”

“Well… yeah, that’s exactly what I’m planning to do.”

“Then, no!” said Meliay, crossly.

“Sorry, Meliay. But Tyria has received special privileges for ridding the town of the hex. And all she asked was that she be allowed first in line for the next bathroom stall.” said The Barkeep.

“Ugh, how much did she pay you? I’ll double it.”

The Barkeep bounced excitedly. “You’ll pay me 400 Lyobies?”

“What?! Augh, I don’t care that much.” Meliay then shoved Tyria to the front of the line. “Just don’t take too long, okay?”

“And why would I ever want to disappoint you?” asked Tyria, giving her a smug face. Meliay groaned in annoyance. Then almost on cue, a toilet flushed and a girl came out. “See ya.” said Tyria, moving to occupy the stall. She quickly moved inside then closed and locked the door. She leaned against the wall and took a huge sigh of relief. She held down on her crotch tightly. “Oh, thank god I didn’t have to use my hands that entire time.” she said silently to herself, “This is probably the worst I’ve ever had to go. Being right next to that hex must’ve amplified its effects.”

Tyria quickly undid her belt and pulled down pants and her white and pink trimmed lace panties. Sitting on the toilet she felt her bladder quickly empty into the bowl. The relief sent shivers down her spine. “Wow, that felt way better than I expected.”

From nearby, the witch waited for Tyria to finish. But then she noticed another stall opened up. The flush of the toilet reminded her that getting the resource she needed wasn’t going to be so easy. “Blast.” she said to herself. She exited the bathroom and went into the Tavern’s main area. There she saw a huge man carrying a large mug of beer, looking pretty sloshed already. “That should work.” She moved in close and gave the man a shove, knocking him into a table full of customers and spilling his drink on a couple of them.

“Hey!” One of them stood up and shoved the man back. “Why don’t you watch where you’re going, dumbass!” The man in his drunken state listened to no reason and swung at the customer without warning, punching him in the face. The other customers stood up and tried to stop him, but the commotion triggered a chain reaction, causing the whole place to erupt into a bar fight.

“Oh no!” said The Barkeep. She quickly left her post and ran back to the bathrooms.

“Now’s my chance!” said the witch, following close behind.

Tyria had just strapped her belt back to her waist and moved to flush the toilet when The Barkeep barged in and slammed on her stall door. “Tyria! The bar erupted into a fight! Please help!”

“Oh okay! I’ll be right out!” Tyria adjusted the sword at her hip and hurried out.

“Meliay, your help would be greatly appreciated too!”

“I'm in the middle of something, I’ll join you two in a bit!”

With the stall door still open, the witch moved in and quickly scooped up a sample of the toilet water and moved back out before the next person in line took the stall.

“Ugh, gross. She didn’t even flush.” The witch heard her say as she left. She began to silently cackle, excited at what the future holds. The power of Tyria’s pee, in the palm of her hand.

10 minutes later

Tyria and Meliay tossed two more customers out of the Tavern doors. The streets were getting dark from the coming sunset. “If you wanna fight! Take it outside!” said Tyria.

“Stop disturbing the peace.” said Meliay. The two went back inside, now with half as many people. It was so silent that it was almost eerie.

“Hey you two.” said The Barkeep, resting her head on her hand on the bar table. “Thanks for kicking out half my business.”

“You’re the one that asked.” said Meliay.

“It’s a joke.” said Tyria. “Though I suppose you wouldn’t know as you don’t really tell many of those.” Meliay gave her a stare.

“By the way,” The Barkeep poured a shot and gave it to Tyria, “That nice man over there would like to give his compliments.” The three looked over and saw a man just as he quickly looked away. He took a swig of beer, trying in the most suspicious way to look less suspicious. While they looked, the witch closed in and put a yellow tablet inside the drink. It quickly dissolved into nothing. She cackled silently some more before making her exit out of the tavern.

“Boys, am I right?” asked Meliay.

“Yep.” Tyria drank the shot in one gulp and slammed it on the table. “Let’s go deal with it.” The two walked over and sat down at the table. The man continued to drink with his head turned away. He was a slightly lighter skin than Tyria. His brown hair was combed neatly to the side and his yellow eyes occasionally darted back and forth between the girls. His armor was a full body leather armor, with some yellow stitching to give it more flair, the same as his eyes. He wore a white shirt underneath and black pants. His shoes were fancy, black leather polished boots. Ones usually reserved for the upper-class.

“Lance?” she asked. The man turned away slightly further. “Laaaaaance?” Tyria asked again in a sing-songy voice. The man turned even farther. Tyria then slammed the table hard. “LANCE!”

The man coughed on his drink and finally turned to them. “Tyria, Meliay? I didn’t see you guys there.”

“Uh-huh…” said Meliay, unamused.

“So, any news?” asked Tyria.

Lance leaned in close. “The best news. I managed to see the guild master aaaand-”

“Annnnnd?” asked Tyria.

Lanced slammed a document on the table. “Our first big mission out of town! We’re finally gonna get out of here! All three of us!”

Meliay picked up the paper and looked at it, impressed. “Wow, you actually did it! For someone like you, that’s real impressive.”

“Yeah, I’m kind of a big deal.” said Lance, picking his nails with his thumb. “So, does that mean I’ll finally get a smile out of the steel-faced lady?”

Meliay then shoved the paper in his face. “Don’t push it.”

The paper fell back down on the table, Lance’s expression not changing one bit. “Classy.” he said.

Tyria then picked up the paper. “30,000 Lyobie! That’s a lot for people like us! What’s the job?” she asked.

“Royal escort.” said Lance. “Princess is going to visit a neighboring city and they want us to scout ahead for bandits. Should be simple enough.”

“Yes, real simple.” said Meliay.

“Yaaaaay!” cried Tyria. “We got our first real mission! I wonder what the outside world looks like!”

“Hopefully not more forests.” said Lance. “It’s nice and all, but it gets boring to look at after a while.”

“What do you expect out of a little town like ours?” asked Meliay.

“Something else, anything else.” said Lance.

Tyria slammed the paper on the table. “When?”

“6 am tomorrow.” said Lance. He then pointed at the two of them. “Don’t be late! You know how pissy the royal guard gets with late adventurers.”

Tyria snickered. “Heh, you said piss.”

“I mean it! And stop being so childish!”

“Like you’re one to talk.” said Meliay.

Lance zipped his lips at Meliay. “Zip it steel-face! I want this more than probably the two of you combined. This is my chance to finally rise up and become a hero of the people.”

Meliay crossed her arms. “The dark lord is dead already, not exactly something you can be anymore.”

“Well, I should be able to be a hero for someone. Being someone’s personal hero seems cool in its own way, dontcha think?”

Tyria stood up. “I’m gonna head off to bed then. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.”

Lanced raised his hand at her. “W-Wait! Do you think that maybe after the mission, we could you know… catch a jousting competition together? Maybe drink some tea?”

Tyria pondered for a moment “Hmm, I don’t know. Maybe I’ll consider it depending how well the mission goes.”

“O-Oh, the mission will go great! For sure, 100%. Nothing bad will happen now till the end of the mission! Yep! Mm-hm!”

“Uuuuh, cool!” said Tyria. She gave Lance one last smile before walking off. The two at the table sat silent for a moment.

“Smooth dude.” said Meliay.

“Shut up, steel-face.” said Lance in a defeated tone, resting his head on his arms.

As Tyria passed the bar, she tossed The Barkeep a 100 Lyobie coin. “I’m taking room 11.”

The Barkeep saluted her. “K-O!”

Tyria walked up the stairs and towards her room. As she opened the door, she couldn’t help but smile. “Hm, Lance, you dork.” She thought that had become a cute guy compared to when they knew each other as kids. She flicked the land on the nightstand, illuminating the firefly bulb and filling the room and a subtle golden light. She took off her armor and hung it on the wall, then changed into the room provided pajamas. Flopping down on the bed, she thought about the mission.

“We have a big day tomorrow. I’m so excited!” she said to herself. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

After a while, out from the darkness of her subconscious, she found herself in a tattered shack. “Huh? Where am I?” she asked herself.

“Ah, how nice of you to join me, Tyria Yanah.” said a creepy voice. Tyria rubbed her eyes and saw that the witch she banished from the village, looming over a bubbling cauldron full of boiling water.

“You!” Tyria reached for her sword, but found nothing except the pocket of her pajamas. “What?! Where’s my sword?!”

“You will not be needing that today. I was never one for violence anyway, as you can tell by today's events.”

“What are you planning? Are you gonna hex the town again?!”

“Why would I pursue a plan that hasn’t worked with you there. No, what I’m gonna do here is much more personal.”

“But why me?”

“It didn’t have to be you. But call it a hunch when I believe that you will be able to bring me everything I desire.”

“What?! I’d never help you do anything!”

“And that is where you will have little choice, girl.” The witch pulled out an ingredient. “Plyast Wheat, to represent the time spent on our very own Earth.” The witch dropped powdered wheat into her cauldron, turning the water into a magical blue color.

“Stop!” Tyria tried to grab the witch, but her arms phased right through her.

“Syndenell seeds, representative of the ears of humanity!” The witch dropped 10 seeds into the cauldron, causing green spots to appear in the mixture.

Tyria looked for a way out. She found a door and bashed through it, only to find that she had entered the exact same room. “How do I get out of here?!”

“Crow’s Skull, for the inescapable reminder of death!” The witch dropped the skull into the water, having the blue water combine with black swirls.

“Are you planning to poison me?!” shouted Tyria.

“No, something much better.” said the witch, paying little attention to her. “Then lastly, the most important part.” The witch pulled out a yellow bottle. “The release of the subject, Tyria Yanah!”

“The release…? Wait! Did you manage to get some of my pee?! I know you had some weird hobbies but that’s just gross!” said Tyria with a disgusted expression.

“So says you. But to me, it is beautiful.” said the witch. She then popped the cork on the bottle and poured it delicately into the cauldron, turning all the colors gold. “Now finally, the brain of a dream eater, to represent transfer within the world of falsehoods and memories.” She pulled out a brain and plopped it into the cauldron, letting gold color swirl with pink streaks.

“Just what are you planning! I swear if you hurt anybody, I will strike you down for good!” said Tyria.

“Relax, I said I was not one for violence. This gift is entirely for you.”

“What?!”

The witch began to chant. “From this day forward, let it be known that after the 10th release, may death come to dear sweet Tyria Yanah. And after each release, may she be reminded of the consequences of ignoring this affliction. All hail Pissect Holdarahma, and thank you for granting this gift. Amen!”

“Just what are you-?” Suddenly, the fumes from the cauldron sprouted out like tentacles and grabbed Tyria by the limbs. The curled around tightly against her body, disheveling her shirt and pants, revealing a lot of skin. She blushed in embarrassment and tried her best to escape, but to no avail.

“Try to keep still,” said the witch, “This will all be over soon.” Tyria’s eyes widened and the tentacles tightened their grips. The witch began to laugh maniacally as she watched. They curled around her chest, having her breasts extra accentuated against her tight shirt. The even went inside her clothes, curling around bare legs and inch closer to her crotch under her panties.

Tyria was red like a beet. “This… is… so… sick!” The tentacle curled tighter, finally squeezing the breath out of her.

The witch then suddenly stopped laughing and slammed the side of her cauldron. “Hey!” All the tentacles looked at her as if they had heads. Tyria peeked through one eye while gritting her teeth. “This is amusing and everything, but I ain’t got all day!” the witch said, waving her hand around what was going on. “Hurry up and do what I made you for. I want to be ready for tomorrow.” The tentacles all hung down sadly.

“Does this mean you’ll let me go now?” asked Tyria. The tentacles looked at her, then each other. The witch laughed maniacally once more as all the tentacle rushed to her face, forcing the gas into her mouth, nose, and eyes. The laughing got louder and louder and the world became black.

Tyria then woke up in a cold sweat. She breathed heavily as she sat up on her bed. Looking around, the room was filled with the morning light. She calmed down as best she could, taking one shallow breath at a time. But once she calmed down, her focus was switched to something else dire. She needed to pee, badly! Much worse than yesterday.

“Oh my god!” Tyria said while grasping her crotch as she felt the pee heading down her urethra. She quickly stood up and danced around. Bending over, twisting her legs, clasping both hands on her crotch as hard as she could. Finally, the wave began to fade, but she was still very much desperate. But at least she was able to walk now.

“I gotta go to the bathroom!” she said to herself. She quickly shuffled to her door with one hand between her legs. She opened it and looked both ways down the hall. No one out. Good, that meant she could walk with both hands on her crotch without getting weird looks. She closed her door and went down the hall, making every step carefully. The pressure was strong, nothing like has ever felt before. It was almost like someone pressing down the rubber stopper of a syringe.

Tyria entered the main area. The place was still closed, meaning that she could walk through with her hand on her crotch. She hurried as fast as she could, but halfway through, she felt another wave.

“No no no no!” She had to stop and clench herself tightly. She felt the pee traveling down her urethra, forcing apart her muscles. She danced even harder, hoping to force it back a little longer. After a bit, the pee traveled back into her overfilled bladder, feeling like filling a balloon close to bursting. She took a few quick breaths before making the rest of her way to the bathroom.

Upon entering, she gave a tiny yelp as she quickly moved her hands away from her crotch. There stood one girl, who had clearly just woken up, standing in front of the sinks. Tyria in her desperate frenzied mind thought it would be appropriate to start small talk.

“H-Hey.” she said.

The girl turned to her with a bored expression and said, “hi…” before turning back to the stalls.

The two waited for what felt like a couple minutes, with Tyria shuffling ever so slightly to conceal her desperation. Suddenly, another wave came, much stronger than the last two. It immediately reached near the end of her pee hole, making her start screaming internally. She crossed her legs as tightly as she could, making them shiver with strain, but it was to no avail. The wave was too strong to handle with just her legs alone. She needed her hand, but she didn’t want to pee dance in front of this girl. The pee was coming closer and closer, until… a toilet flushed. After a bit, another lady left the stall and began washing her hands. The girl in line took the stall. Then just as the lady washing her hands left the room, Tyria went into full panic mode. Crossing legs, hands pressed on crotch tightly, her entire body doubling over to keep every ounce of pee inside her body.

“Come on! Stop, stop, stooooop!” she quietly squealed. Despite her best efforts, a tiny drop managed to snake its way out of her pee hole, dampening her panties slightly. Luckily, the wave stopped pushing, but she couldn’t force the pee back into her bladder anymore. She had to hold and dance full time to have any chance of making it.

Why did she need to pee this badly? She only had one shot of beer before going to bed. It couldn’t have caused this. Was it something else? Maybe the hex was still active. But no, then it wouldn’t just be her. And what was that dream of the witch? Sure, dreams didn’t make sense all the time, but this one felt real. What did she mean by the 10 releases? And why would she die if she fulfilled each one? What was this affliction she was given? All these questions made Tyria lose focus. The pee petered out and leaked all over her panties.

Tyria gasped and held on for dear life. She didn’t make any sudden movements as she stood still, holding her crotch, crossing her legs, shivering with strain. Then, the toilet flushed. The relief being so close made Tyria leak again. It felt so close to dampening her pajamas, and out of everything, she didn’t want to pay the laundering fee. The girl from before popped out from the stall unexpectedly, startling Tyria. She tried her best to act cool with her hands at her side and legs only moderately crossed. The girl looked at her weird and exited the stall. Tyria moved to take the stall, but as she took a step forward, another leak got out. So forcefully that she could hear it stream into her panties. She hoped beyond hope that the girl didn’t hear it also as she entered the stall, closing and locking the door quickly.

She quickly pulled out every trick she knew to hold in her pee. Her legs twisted around each other twice, she arched her back to give her hands as much pressure as possible, and she clenched her teeth, feeling as if clenching every muscle would help hold it in. It was of no use. A single drop came out, making Tyria curl up a bit. Then another drip, making Tyria curl up some more. Then there was a spurt. Enough pee escaped to have a wet spot appear on the pajamas. No matter how much she danced, she could feel the rest on its way.

“No! Stop!” she squealed. The big one was coming. She could feel her urethra expanding to let it all out. She then looked at the toilet. It was all or nothing now. She ripped her pajamas and panties down, spurting a bit more pee on the floor before finally planting herself down on the porcelain throne.

As the pee rushed out of her, she felt the fatigue and stress wash away from her body. She sighed and breathed heavily. This relief was nothing like she ever experienced. It was kind of… exciting? No, that didn’t sound right. She couldn’t quite think of the word for it. But one thing was for sure, it felt good.

Tyria peed for what felt like a 1 minute and 20 seconds. As the stream petered out and the last few drops hit the water below her, a strange shrill began ringing in her ears. Her vision became fuzzy and her head started spinning. All of the sudden, her body collapsed on the toilet. Fully limp, she felt as her heart stopped beating and the world around her started to warp. A vision came to her head. The south of town, the mountains, a city, strange woods, waterfalls, then a strange whirlpool glowing with blue magical energy.

“The mystic waters will relieve any and all.” said a chorus of mysterious voices.

Tyria was whipped back to her body and she gave a huge gasp. She curled over and started coughing into her fist. She felt her heartbeat revving back up and she felt like she was about to throw up. She quickly flushed her toilet, put her pajamas back on, then burst out and looked at herself in the mirror. She was as pale as a ghost and sweating a stream from her head. She continued to breath hard as she tried to fully grasp the situation. She turned on the sink and splashed her face with water, then splashed some down on her pants for good measure, maybe it would look like she spilled a drink or something.

After a bit, she had to get out of there. She walked quickly out of the bathroom and made her way through the main area of the Tavern. There she ran into The Barkeep, groggily making her way across the room.

She stretched. “Hmmm-Mmm! Hiya, Tyria. How are you today?”

“I-I’m fine!” she said sporadically before heading back upstairs.

“You sure? You kinda look like hammered shit.”

“Uh… bad stomach. Should be good now.”

“Okay, if you say so. See you later, I guess.”

“Mm-hm.”

Tyria made her way down the hall and back inside her room. She went over to her armor and ripped open her travel pack, pulled out a map, and placed it on the table. She took out her pencil and marked her hometown, Kinida. This is where she is now. Then she drew a line to the nearest mountains south of Kinida, The Dragon Back Mountains. Then drew a line to the nearest south city of the mountains, Garmberland City.

Then she looked everywhere for waterfalls. “Waterfalls, waterfalls. Come on!” Her pencil wandered the map until she came across something interesting. “Mushroom falls.” she said. It was a tourist destination that she always dreamed of going to. A huge rock pillar sprouting up to the sky in which a large volcanic underwater body sprouts directly from the center of it. It’s full of hot sediment, so as the geyser spews, the larger the rock formation gets over the years resembling a mushroom as the water rolls off the side.

Tyria hastily marked it with her pencil, labeling it as her destination. Next was to put into words what happened.

“I went pee, and… I think I died for a little bit.” she said to herself. The phrase still shocked her a bit. “That curse must’ve been true. Curse that witch!” She drew ten circles at the corner of the map and crossed off one of them. Then she wrote while saying, “If I pee 9 more times, I will die for real.” She looked at her map, somewhat shocked. The situation didn’t feel real. It was frightening her to her core, yet it also felt really stupid.

“I’ll die if I pee 9 more times?! That’s just ridiculous! Just what is this stupid witch into?!” Tyria looked once more at the mushroom falls and wrote next to it, “Cure???”. She may know the history of the mushroom falls, but a magical blue whirlpool? She’s never heard of that before. But based on the vision she had when she died, that was her only chance.

“No more drinks, no more water. I’ll need all the time I can get.” She quickly stripped off her pajamas, put on new panties, and put on her armor. She quickly made her way out of the Tavern. Just as she barged through the front doors, a voice called out to her.

“So you made it, Tyria.” said Meliay. “Much earlier than I expected too. Shall we head off.

Tyria hesitated. She couldn’t tell Meliay that she was cursed by such a ridiculous spell. Oh yeah, if I pee too much, I’ll die! Sounds so stupid even just thinking about it. She had to get out of this.

“S-Sorry, Meliay. I can’t. Um… something came up and I’ll have to head south.” she tried to explain.

“Huh? What came up?”

“Something… real bad. I have to head south immediately. Hopefully I can make it in time.”

Meliay got serious. “Tyria, I know something is up. You can tell me, I’m your friend.”

“It’s just… something very personal. N-Not even I know the details that much.”

“Stop avoiding the truth!” said Meliay, shaking Tyria by the shoulders. “I’m not an idiot, you can tell me!”

“S-Stop!” shouted Tyria, shoving Meliay. She then backed away quickly. “L-Look just… split the Lyobie 15,000 to 15,000. I can’t make it.”

“What?! Tyria!”

“DON’T follow me!” Tyria turned around and walked away quickly. She felt herself on the verge of tears. Of course she would love to Meliay to help her on her journey. But with how ridiculous the curse was, there was no way Meliay would believe her. Plus her pride also somewhat got in the way for the curse’s same ridiculousness. Meliay would hold this over her head for the rest of her life.

Tyria came back to reality, hearing footsteps beside her. She looked to see Meliay walking at her side. She jumped away and pointed at her. “Hey! I said don’t follow me!”

“Well, I don’t listen to people who are clearly distressed and need help.” said Meliay, crossing her arms.

“I don’t need your help!” said Tyria, quickly walking away.

Meliay was quite taken aback. “Wow, okay…uuum.” She ran to catch up with Tyria.

“I told you to stop following me!” shouted Tyria.

“I will as soon as you tell me what’s going on!”

“Nothing is going on!”

“Then why are you leaving?!”

“Nothing!” Tyria went into a slight jog.

Meliay quickly caught back up with her, also in a slight jog. “Tyria, seriously? You and I both know I’m the better runner.”

“Shut up!” Tyria went into a run.

Meliay ran up to her side, not even panting. “Come on Tyria, tell me what’s up.”

“You know Lance is gonna take all the Lyobie all for himself.”

“He can have it, friends come first.”

Tyria growled and broke into a full sprint. “Just stop following me, okay!”

Meliay caught up with her in no time. “I’ve read too many novels to know you’re hiding something. Just tell me what it is and we can approach this problem together.”

“I’ll call the guards! I’ll have ‘em take you in for stalking!”

“The town's too small, so all the guards know us at least somewhat personally. Good luck trying to get that to stick.”

Tyria closed her eyes and held the side of her head. “Augh! Just leave me alone!”

“Never!” shouted back Meliay. Tyria started to yell as she ran, heading straight towards the south gate, off to adventure!

