I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I'll Die?!

Author: Zentou

*004*2023-08-01 16:50

Chapter 2: Secrets & Snake Oil

A slight wind blew through the small sand dunes as Tyria and Meliay entered the edges of the desert. Tyria was breathing heavily, sweat was dripping down her face like a river, and she kept up with a jog, trying to go as fast as she could. Next to her was Meliay, walking beside her. She was super frustrated with Tyria’s continued antics.

“Tyria!” she yelled. “Just walk! You’re just making yourself unnecessarily tired!”

“I’ll… eventually… outrun you… you’ll see.” Tyria said between gasps of breaths of air.

“Oh for the love of-” Meliay grabbed the stick at the side of her thigh and extended it into a full length staff with the sound of a sharp snap. She then used the head on Tryia’s feet, tripping her face first into the ground. Tyria was too tired to be angry, instead opting to just groan annoyingly into the ground.

“What the hell is your problem, Meliay?!” she said in a muffled voice.

Meliay crouched down next to Tyria’s head. “No, what the hell is YOUR problem?! You don’t just go ditching a mission you’ve been looking forward to your whole life! Please, just tell me what is going on!”

Tyria remained silent for a moment. “It’s nothing.” she mumbled.

Meliay scoffed. “Unbelievable.” She made a couple paces in front of Tyria, trying to think of what to do. While she did, she observed that Tyria still only had her hip satchel for essential things. It was no bigger than a regular bottle of water. “Did you even pack properly for where you’re going?” Tyria didn’t answer. “Hello? Earth to Tyria!”

“Sure is.” said Tyria, directly into the ground.

Meliay groaned and grabbed her own head in frustration. “How long are you gonna stay down there?”

“Until I feel like it.” Tyria then held her arms at her side, creating a tiny dirt angel in the process.

Meliay was fuming, but then something came across her mind. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. As she exhaled, she felt her anger wash away. She then knelt down by Tyria’s head once more, using her staff as a support. “Tyriaaaaa? I know what you’re doing now.”

“What?” said Tyria, thinking nothing of it.

“You’re trying to annoy me enough to leave. You know me well enough to know that I hate bratty kids, like the one you’re acting like right now. But I’m here to tell you that it’s not gonna work anymore. You’re stuck with me, end of story.” Meliay then patted Tyria’s head in a taunting way.

“Well, I guess I’ll just lay here until you go away.”

“Augh…” groaned Meliay, tilting her head up into the air. “Fine then, you wanna be that way? I’ll just have to start doing things my way from now on.”

Tyria gasped. She then shot straight and ran in the opposite direction of Meliay. “No no no no no no!” Meliay slammed the end of her staff on the ground, creating a golden light sigil. Tyria kept running, but then she felt her body float up into the air. Meliay had cast a levitation spell on her, preventing her from running away. This did not deter her however, as she tried to run away by flailing her legs in the air. Meliay sighed and pulled Tyria towards her.

“If you’re gonna keep acting like a brat, I’m just gonna carry you everywhere. And I know I can because I know your counter-magic still sucks.”

“Oh yeah? Watch me!” Tyria closed her eyes and concentrated. A faint blue sigil appeared on her palm. It spun and spun until Tyria grunted, thrusting it at Meliay. The sigil broke into pieces and fluttered around Meliay. Meliay pretended to gasp, but then immediately looked back at Tyria, unimpressed.

“You never practiced like I told you, did ya?” said Meliay.

“I’m sure I would’ve gotten to it…” said Tyria, guilty pressing her index fingers together.

“Whatever.” Meliay turned around and began walking back towards the forest, floating Tyria along with her.

“Wait, where are you going?” asked Tyria.

“I’m heading towards the nearest town. The direction you were going in has no towns in sight for several hundred miles. And from the looks of it, you’re not anywhere close to being sufficiently prepared to make any journey in that direction. So, we’re gonna head to town and buy supplies first. After that, I’ll make my guess as to where you were going and head in that direction. Unless you want to be generous and at least tell me where you were going?”

“Not a chance!” said Tyria.

“Then we’re heading to town!” said Meliay, pointing her arm in the direction of the forest. “All ahead full, Captain!”

Tyria flailed in the air. “No! Stop! You have to let me go! I have to get where I’m going fast!”

“And we will, but we’re gonna prepare first!” said Meliay trudging along. “In the meantime, why don’t we play a game? I’m gonna spout out some random scenarios and you’re gonna tell me if I get them right or not.”

Tyria crossed her arms and looked away. “Hmph! As if I’ll tell you if you got the right answer!”

Meliay chuckled. “So there is a right answer?”

Tyria gasped and covered her mouth. “N-No!” Meliay laughed out loud as they continued walking.

###

Some time later, Melia and Tyria were walking down a forest path. “How about this one? You were actually transported back here from 30 years in the future and the place you were going has a specific event in which you will finally be able to harness enough power to be able to go back to the future. And you didn’t want to tell us because you didn’t want to say goodbye to your dear friends?”

“No!” said Tyria.

“Damn… I’ll keep trying.”

###

Even more time later, the two were walking across a stone bridge. A river ran right underneath it. “Uh… how about? You had a long lost brother that you thought was dead and you were off to the land of the dead to save him. You were told this by your mother, but she was cursed to never speak the truth so she turned into a monster and you had to fight her off. And because of that, you don’t wanna take your friends in hopes of sparing them the pain.”

Tyria picked at her fingernails with her thumb. “No…” she said in a bored tone.

“Hmm, maybe I should be less specific.”

###

A significant amount of time later. The two found themselves in a large shallow cave. A waterfall flowed loudly at the entrance. Meliay made her way up the shady path behind the waterfall. Beams of sunlight poured between the cracks and shined on the waterfall, creating rainbow mist.

“I got it this time. You’re actually caught in some kind of infinite time loop and the solution to solve it is over where you were heading. However, you were never gonna solve it because you decided to omit your friends in this attempt.”

“No!” said Tyria, throwing her hands up in the air. “Can you stop guessing already?! I figured out that you were just stealing the plots of various books you’ve read about 30 minutes ago!”

Tyria growled and crossed her arms and looked away. The flowing waterfall sprayed its mist everywhere, sprinkling on Tyria’s skin. A shiver went down her spine as her body temperature went down. But more concerningly, it gave her the first tiny reminder that her need to pee was starting to rise. Though only the tiniest smidge of need, it still scared her.

“Do you think you could hurry up?” asked Tyria, rubbing her shoulders.

“I dunno, are you gonna run away again?”

“No! It’s just… the waterfall is making me cold.”

“Aww, you poor baby! I’ll make sure you’ll get taken care of as soon as we get to town.” Tyria grumbled once more and crossed her arms again, impatiently waiting.

###

Meliay and Tyria moved down the path again. This time being a paved road made of stone. They had to be close now. Tyria awoke from her pseudo nap and looked around. She noticed Meliay breathing heavily and leaning on her staff quite a bit. Tyria smiled. “Heeeey, I noticed that you haven’t been guessing for a while. Could they be because of something? Hmmm?”

“Nothing.” said Meliay, panting.

“Ooooh! You must’ve used up all your magic! Now you have to use your physical stamina!”

“Shut up!”

“Oh! Does it get worse when I do this?” Tyria then flailed around, shifting her weight as much as she could. She felt herself move this time and Meliay lost her balance for a moment. “Ah ha! It does! Then I’ll just do this! And this!” Tyria then shifted her weight one way, then the other, pushing around Meliay in the process.

Meliay gritted her teeth and pounded her staff into the ground. “That’s enough!” The golden light surrounding Tyria doubled in intensity and she was forced into a plank-like position.

“Ugh! You are so uncool! Do you know how uncomfortable this position is?”

“Then stop messing around or I’ll shut your mouth too.”

“You and I both know doing this will take twice as much stamina. You won’t won’t last much longer.” said Tyria with a smug grin.

Meliay looked ahead and saw something. “You wanna bet?” She then took off running.

“Huh? That’ll just tire you out more!” said Tyria. But then she saw what Meliay saw. There was a traveling merchant just outside of town. “Oh no. She said under her breath.”

###

As they approached, they saw the shopkeep sitting out front. Her skin was on the darker side and her hair was black and extremely short. She wore a skin tight suit that went from her neck all the way down to her ankles, with some gray padded light armor woven into her outfit around the chest and shoulders. She was barefoot, but despite that, her feet looked pristine and untouched by dirt or soot. She was reading a book. Meliay noticed that her eyes danced around the page and she was rubbing her reading arm as if she was slightly cold.

“Hello.” said Meliay. The shopkeep jumped and tossed her book through several items on display.

“Oh! Um, can I help you?” she asked, trying awkwardly to look like she never lost her composure.

“I’d like a mana potion, the biggest one you have.” said Meliay.

“Yes!” said the shopkeep, pumping her hand. “Finally, my first business of the day! I’ve been waiting so long!”

“Huh? Business is usually good here in Bofford.” said Meliay. “Unless… you’ve been set up in front of the west gate all day?”

“The town’s people said this was the gate with the most people coming through. But, I haven’t seen anyone yet. Must be a night caravan or something.” the Shopkeep said in a somewhat airheaded way.

“I’m pretty sure they lied to you because this path goes nowhere except the desert.”

The Shopkeep put a hand on her chest. “Ahh!” she said with a high pitched squeak. “Now why would they ever do that?”

Suddenly, Meliay grunted. She gripped her staff hard. The Shopkeep noticed that Tyria was struggling to get out of her constraints. The yellow energy began to flicker as she tried. “Um… the mana potion please.” said Meliay.

“Okay!” The Shopkeep went into her cart and shuffled around with bottles. “So what are you here for, huh? You bringing in a bounty?”

“More like a stubborn friend.” said Meliay.

“You’re stubborn!” shouted Tyria.

“Good one.” said Meliay, unamused.

“Ah ha! Here we go!” The Shopkeep came out holding a strange blue potion battle. “That will be 350 Lyobie please.”

“350?! That‘s so much for such a tiny potion! Plus, it doesn’t even look like a royal standard potion.”

“You would be right, dear customer!” said the Shopkeep, swishing her finger to her sentence. “For you see, I made a house blend that is sure to perk your mana reserves right up to full with as very little liquid as possible. However, the ingredients are quite expensive, hence why the price may be higher than usual.”

Meliay looked over the labeless bottle. “And you’re sure it's safe?”

“I drink it everyday, so don’t worry about a thing.” said the Shopkeep, waving away Meliay’s question.

Meliay sighed. “Fine.” She began to fish out coins from her satchel.

“No! You can’t do the deal!” said Tyria. “Please, I have to get out of here!”

The Shopkeep frowned. “Aww, you heard her miss. I’m afraid I can’t sell you this potion.”

Meliay looked at her confused. “What?”

The Shopkeep then placed her hand on Meliay’s shoulder and bent over laughing. “You shoulda seen your face! Ha ha! Of course I’ll still sell! Not like she’s in any position to make any demands!”

“I-I’ll pay double!” said Tyria.

“You don’t even have that much on you, Tyria.” said Meliay. “Plus, if she took that deal, I would’ve paid triple.”

“Ugh! How are you so rich and cheap at the same time!” Meliay grunted and tossed the coins at The Shopkeep, to which she caught and quickly pocketed while giggling. Meliay took a sip of the potion, then immediately choked on it and spit it out.

“Damn!” she said, wiping her mouth on her sleeve. “This stuff’s strong!”

“The taste is usually pretty intense for people the first time.” said the Shopkeep, tilting her head endearingly. “I can offer you a potion approved by the royal standard.”

“No no, I can handle it.” Meliay hyped herself up and quickly downed the whole potion in one gulp. In an instant, Tyria could feel the golden light tighten up around her body.

“Oh great…” she said defeated.

Meliay coughed into her sleeve. “Augh! That is the best and worst thing I’ve ever drank!”

The Shopkeep then picked up a pen and clipboard. “Ok, then how would you rate your experience?”

“Um… it’s good. Really good. Especially for an intermediate mage like me, it felt like it could’ve filled my mana to the max and beyond. Tastes awful though. So unless I was going on a super serious mission, I think I’ll stick with royal standard potions.”

“Oh poo…” said The Shopkeep, writing down what Meliay said. “That’s always been a problem with this brew. But I appreciate your input.” The Shopkeep put down the pen and clipboard. “Small, compact, and strong, great for long and strenuous missions! As long as you can handle the taste.”

“Right… uh, well thanks. I’ll see you around.”

The Shopkeep then moved up to Meliay before she could leave. “I should tell you though. As a mage, I’m sure you know that increased magic densities require a sacrifice be made.”

“And… what exactly did I sacrifice?” asked Meliay.

“Oh, nothing too bad. Just that it has a bit of a diuretic effect. About the same as a whole cup of coffee.”

“Ha! That’s nothing! I drink one of those early in the morning everyday!” said Meliay confidently.

“Okay, just thought you should know. Have a nice day!” said the Shopkeep, waving goodbye.

“See ya.” Meliay went on her way. But the Shopkeep gave a look at Tyria, to which she was trilling her lips in boredom. The hair on back stood and she gasped.

“You!” the Shopkeep said, pointing at Tyria. “You bear a mark, you are cursed!”

Tyria’s heart sank. “Uh, no I’m not.” she said.

“Yes, you are.” said the Shopkeep, doing a wave of her hand in front of her.“Hold still, I have one last concoction I think I can give to you.” She then went inside her cart. Meliay waited and eyed Tyria suspiciously. Tyria grinned nervously, trying to look like she didn’t know what she was talking about.

“Hey, Shopkeep.” asked Meliay. “Just how do you know Tyria has a curse?”

“Oh, because I dabble a little bit in hex healing! Being someone who makes custom blends, I also delved into concoctions that can resist curse and hexs. Maybe even outright get rid of them!” Suddenly, they heard the sound of glass breaking. “Oh… I’ll clean that up later. Ah ha! Here!” The Shopkeep came out with a green wine bottle.

“Heck yeah, I can go for a drink.” said Meliay.

“No! Not for you! I just didn’t have a regulation bottle to put this in.” She held it out in front of Tyria. “This concoction should do it! But, you’ll have to down the whole thing. Are you okay with that?”

“How do you know this will even work?” asked Meliay.

“I’ll have you know, I’ve set up my own hexs and curses in a controlled environment. And only half my test subject died.”

“WHAT?!” shouted Tyria.

The Shopkeep bent over laughing. “I’m kidding! I got you again, ha ha!” She laughed for a bit longer until she realized they weren’t laughing. “*Ahem* Tough crowd huh?”

“Well, I am. But she isn’t. Though, I doubt she’s in the mood.” said Meliay.

“Anyway, just drink this and your curse should be rid of you in an instant.” said the Shopkeep.

Tyria thought for a moment. “H-How much?”

“Oh for you? It’s in the house. You’ll be the first life I save with this.”

“Didn’t you say you cure curses with this before?” asked Meliay.

“Yes, in controlled environments. With relatively inconvenient curses at that. Numb body curse, infatuation curse, pee desperation curse-”

“What?!” asked Tyria.

“Long story. Could you please let down our friend? It will be hard for her to drink hanging up there.” asked the Shopkeep of Meliay.

Meliay sighed. “Fine.” She tapped her staff on the ground and Tyria fell face first into the ground.

“Smooth, Meliay.” said Tyria through the ground. “Very smooth.”

“If anything, you probably deserve it.”

Tyria stood up. “Can I drink it now?” she asked the Shopkeep.

“Of course!” The Shopkeep gave the bottle to Tyria. She sighed as she looked at it while rolling it in her palm.

Meliay cleared her throat. “So? Do you wanna maybe tell me what was going on if you’re gonna drink that?”

“Um… there was nothing going on. I was just going to uh… humor her.” said Tyria with a nervous smile.

“Rude.” said the Shopkeep.

Meliay scoffed and looked away. However, something strange happened. Her vision became blurry and she found it hard to stand. Her head then started to spin.

Tyria then popped the cork on the bottle and took a sip, immediately choking on it and spitting it out. “Oh yes, it contains the same ‘properties’ as your friend potion. Do you think you can drink it?”

“I’m gonna have to try.” said Tyria with a determined tone. She spun the liquid in the bottle and held it quickly upward, creating a vortex as it went down her mouth. It tasted awful, but if it was able to rid her of her curse, it was worth it.

“Whoa, bit a party girl, weren’t you?” asked the Shopkeep.

“Mm-hm.” said Tyria as she drank. The vortex got smaller and smaller until there was nothing left. Tyria dropped the bottle on the ground and gagged. “AUGH! That tastes so bad.” she said, spitting out what was left in her mouth.

“My my, this is a surprise.” said the Shopkeep. “You made my job much easier.”

Tyria was confused. “What do you mean by that?” she asked. When she looked back up at her, the Shopkeep had a devious grin on her face. This creeped out Tyria. But then she heard something drop beside her. Meliay had dropped cold on the floor, fully unconscious. She gasped and looked down, seeing the bottle drip some liquid. “Shit!” she exclaimed, kicking the bottle away.”

The Shopkeep chuckled. “Kick the bottle all you want, Lil’ Miss Tyria. You can’t undrink the concoction.”

Tyria drew her sword. “Y-You… Snake Oiler!” Her words became slurred, her vision blurred, her head started spinning, and she started to stumble around.

The Snake Oiler gasped. “Is that a Displacium sword?! How lucky, I can sell that for a lot!”

Tyria swung her sword, making the Snake Oiler dodge back. She cackled at Tyria’s futile attempt. “S-Stay back! This is mine! It was… a gift!”

“Aw! And it comes with a story?” said the Snake Oiler. “Even better!” She moved in against Tyria. Tyria swung, but the Snake Oiler ducked under, grabbed Tyrias arm, and elbowed her in the stomach. Tyria bent over in pain as the Snake Oiler took her sword. “Sorry to cut our encounter short, but you guys have some pretty interesting stuff. I hope you don’t mind if I… ‘appropriate’ it from you guys.”

Tyria fell to the ground. “You… bitch.” she managed to say before the world started to go black.

###

Some time had passed and Meliay began to stir. She groaned and stretched out her arms with a yawn. The sky was orange with the color of sunset. Meliay gasped. She stood up and looked around. They were taken slightly off the path and laid upon a rock. She felt her side, her satchel was gone. She felt for her staff, that was gone too.

“Damn it!” she yelled. She stood up and held her head in frustration. “I can’t believe we got snake oiled!” She then frantically felt all around her clothes for any “particular stains”. After all, being drugged and being put in the middle of nowhere, a young woman can’t be too careful. Luckily, she didn’t find anything and she took a sigh of relief.

She then felt a presence. Something familiar was nearby. “That’s right!” she said to herself. She raised her hand into the air. After a moment, her staff came flying back into her hand. “Ah yes!” Meliay kissed the pole of it. “Thank god I got this branded! Oh wait, Tyria!” She looked at the rock and saw that she was laying on the same rock next to her.

“Oh, thank goodness.” She held out her hand and covered Tyria with blue energy. Two sigils appeared above and below Tyria, then came to meet in the middle with a blue flash. Tyria’s eyes opened and she groaned.

“Ugh, five more minutes please…” she said groggily.

“Wake up!” shouted Meliay angrily. “We got snake oiled!”

Tyria gasped and stood straight up. “That’s right!” But suddenly she bent over slightly. Her bladder had become somewhat swollen. Turns out that drink was still a diuretic after all. She fought the urge to place a hand on her crotch. After all, Meliay was watching. “No! Not now!” Tyria said under her breath.

“What was that?” asked Meliay.

Tyria shot upright and raised her hands defensively. “Nothing! I didn’t say anything!” The sudden movement made her urge shoot up just a little bit and she couldn’t help but raise her leg and twist ever so slightly.

Meliay groaned and slammed her staff on the ground. “Alright! That’s enough of the bullshit, Tyria! I’ve tried as a friend to let you tell me what was happening on your own. But now I just had all my shit stolen because you couldn’t just fess up. You’re lucky I just branded my staff so she couldn’t take it since it only works when I hold it.”

Tyria was a bit scared. She backed away slowly, lowering her hands cautiously. “Okay, in the grand scheme of things, maybe I’ve been a little bit of a dick.”

“Maybe?!”

“Okay! For sure a dick, alright? But please, let me just assure you that there is nothing wrong. I’m… I’m gonna be okay.”

Meliay sighed. “You’re a shit liar, you know that?” she said with her arms crossed. She then walked over and got right up in Tyria’s face. “One last time, Tyria.” she said softly. “Are you in danger?”

Tyria was on the verge of tears. Her lip quivered and her voice started to wheeze. She turned away. “I-I’m fine. I told you.”

Meliay gave a disappointed sigh. “Why did you have to say that?” Suddenly, Tyria’s body was covered in energy chains, freezing her in place.

“Hey, what are you doing?!” said Tyria.

Meliay walked up in front of her and sat down on the rock they had been laying on. She stared daggers into Tyria, crossing her arms and legs. “We are not moving from this spot until you give me a real answer!”

“What? I told you my answer already! Plus, I did this earlier and that didn’t work!”

“Yes, you did. But do you want to know what the difference is? We got snake oiled, all of our stuff is stolen except my staff, which means if we don’t move fast, you may never see your precious sword ever again!”

Tyria was shocked, almost betrayed. “Meliay… please, you wouldn’t let that happen.”

Meliay gave a disheartened sigh. “You backed me into a corner, Tyria. At this point, I have to do what is necessary. Why won’t you believe in your friends, Tyria? What about this whole thing has got you so fucked up?”

“I-I can’t!” said Tyria, sputtering her words at the verge of tears. “Y-You’ll never believe me!”

Meliay stood up and hugged her. “There, we’re already one step closer. Now just tell me what’s happening. What do you think I won’t believe?”

“I… uh…”

“Tyria please. No one would be having this reaction if whatever affected you isn’t real. And there’s no way you’ll ever let that sword go. It was the last gift your mother gave you before she passed. Only your ears can listen to the story stored in it. And if that bitch sells it to some chump who breaks it, that story is lost forever.” Tyria gave a quivered breath. “So please. Believe in your friends, believe in me.”

Tyria closed her eyes and tears fell. “Okay… Okay.” she said in a scratchy voice. “Y-You know the witch we kicked out of the village the other day?”

“The one that set up hexs all over town that was making everyone need to pee really bad?” asked Meliay.

“Yeah. In my sleep, she cursed me in my sleep. She made me watch her do it in my dreams. She… she made it so that if I ever pee more than 10 times after that day, I would die.” Meliay stepped back, her mind trying to process all this. “You don’t believe me, do you?”

Meliay quickly looked back at Tyria. “No, no, it’s just… Have you been able to verify this… curse? Are you sure it wasn’t just… a bad dream?”

“The witch built in a reminder. Everytime I pee, I’ll die for a couple seconds. I found out in the tavern when I had to pee worse than I ever had before. I went pee, and I died right there in the stall when I finished. My heart stopped! I couldn’t breathe! It was like something sucked the life out of me! It was… horrible!”

“Okay… alright, uh… then, where were you going?”

“The Mushroom Falls. There was a vision I had. A hint. It told me to go there. There’s this magical whirlpool inside that should supposedly cure me of my curse. I don’t know if I should drink it or jump right in, but I just know it's there.” Meliay was stunned. She turned around slowly, still trying to process what was told to her. “Meliay? Meliay, do you believe me? Meliay, look at me, please!”

“That fucking psycho hexing bitch!” she said angrily. She yelled and she slammed the head of her staff into the ground, causing a wave of golden energy to cascade through it like kicked up water. “I knew she was weird, maybe even sick, but this shit?! No! She’s a monster!” Meliay pounded the end of her staff on the ground, releasing Tyria from the chains. She then turned around and grabbed her by the shoulder. “I may have expected a lot of things, but definitely not this. But if you truly think that you are in danger, if the way how is a stretch for me, I will help you anyway I can. I promise.”

Tyria’s eyes filled with tears. “Meliay… Maliay, thank you!” She threw herself onto Meliay, sobbing loudly into her shoulder.

Meliay, ran her hand down her head comfortingly. “Shhhh, it’s gonna be okay. We’re gonna fix this. Together.”

“Uh-huh!” Tyria said, still sobbing. She backed away and wiped a tear from her face. “Yeah… alright.”

Meliay smiled endearingly at her. “Now, let’s go get your stupid sword.”

Tyria half laughed. “A joke from you? That’s new. Thanks Meliay, I feel a bit better now.”

“Plus, I have a little secret of my own I need to tell you.” said Meliay.

“Oh? What’s that?”

“I… kinda have to pee.” Meliay said, crossing her legs. “Turns out those drinks were diuretics after all.”

“Ha! I uh… kinda need to pee too.”

“Then we’re in this together. Let’s get this done. I’ll use my magic to transport us to the town, that’s probably where she ended up. That does bring up a question though. Your pee will come out eventually. Will you just hold on for as long as possible or go as soon as you see a bathroom?”

“I’m gonna hold on for as long as possible, then go into a private area with no people so that I can… uh, die in secret. Yeah, I didn’t think too much about it.”

Meliay smiled. “Then let’s hurry, the sooner we get your sword, the sooner we can move at our own pace.”

“Right!” said Tyria. Meliay slammed the end of her staff on the ground, engulfing them both in golden light. They floated over the path towards the town and blasted themselves forward, taking off like rockets. As they flew, Tyria worried slightly, squeezing her legs together as they flew.

###

It was almost night time by the time they got to town. They floated towards the center of the shopping district and landed softly. As Tyria landed, she shivered. It wasn’t clear to her what was better, managing her desperation in the air or the ground.

Meliay noticed her concern. “Don’t worry, we’ll try and get this done fast.” Tyria nodded. “Okay first, let’s ask around and see if anybody knows who she is.” Meliay pointed at a nearby tavern. “Then after that, make back at that tavern to discuss our findings.”

“You got it!” said Tyria, pumping her fist.

“And be careful. There will be some… “unsavory” people attracted to young women wandering around at night.”

Tyria waved away her concern. “You worry too much! Plus, these hands should be enough to handle any average person.”

Meliay looked at Tyria’s stance. “You’re pee dancing.” Tyria gasped and tried to stand up straight, but couldn’t help but keep her legs squeezed together. “Just try to avoid any unnecessary conflict. We shouldn’t take any chances.”

Tyria sighed. “Alright… Let’s go.” The two split up and began to ask around for the snake oiler outside of town.

###

“That brat?” said one bystander. “I’m sure everyone in town knows about her. We try our best to warn everyone, but we would’ve never expected for anyone to go through the west gate.”

###

“She makes some good shit, lemme tell ya. Though it tastes like shit too. It's a shame really. That girl wastes her talents being a petty thief.”

###

“Oh I know her all too well.” said the resident Barkeep. A stout old lady. “She came around about 6 months ago. At first, I didn’t think all too much about it, but then things started getting stolen. You’d think that wouldn’t be all too surprising for a trade town like this, but she was different. She would prance around at night, taunting her victims by yelling into the night sky about her ‘accomplishment’.”

“So does that mean she’ll be prancing around tonight?” asked Tyria, crossing her legs tightly behind the counter.

“Hard to say. She just kinda does it whenever she wants. Could be today, could be a week from now. Though the strange thing is that lately, she’s only been targeting women. Then after prancing around about her achievements, their items are returned one way or another. I think she’s actually after something else from these women, enticing them to stay by stealing their stuff. But that’s just an old theory of mine. That’s about all I know.”

“Okay, well, thanks for your time.” The barkeep nodded and went back to work. Tyria sighed and sat at an occupied table. Time seemed to move so slowly. Her need to pee was slowly increasing and it was making her count every second. A wave came and she closed her eyes and exhaled sharply, crossing her legs tightly while bouncing up and down as her bladder fought for relief.

Suddenly, Tyria was startled by a pounding to her left, making her almost lose a leak. She bit her lip trying to stay composed. “Ugh, well today has certainly been enlightening.” said Meliay, twirling on her staff into the seat across from Tyria

“Everyone tell you the same thing?” asked Tyria.

“She’s not new, she’s a showoff, and she steals peoples stuff.” said Meliay. “Half of that stuff we practically already knew.”

“You seem more frustrated than me.”

“Well that’s because-” Suddenly, the two of them heard drunken laughing behind Meliay. She closed her eyes and sighed in an annoyed way. “Oh my god….”

“Heya there, good lookin!” said a big drunken man, he slammed his arms on their table, leaning on them while he looked at Meliay. “You never gave me an answer back there *hic* and I was just wondering-”

“No!” Meliay said sternly.

“Ah come on. You two are the talk of the town, going around asking all sorts of questions about that lil *hic* nuisance. People are thinking you’re the mafia, but not me! Not lil’ old Steve! Mafia are more subtle, secretive. If they wanted to deal with their trash *hic* they’d have done it already. You two are real passionate, strong women who want to get back what was stolen on their own terms. I like women like that.”

“Will you just leave us alone already?!” shouted Meliay, standing up angrily. Steve laughed and fell onto the table.

“Well if you like us so much, are you able to provide any information on this snake oiler?”

“Tyria?!” said Meliay, surprised she would even give him the light of day.

“I mean, did you even ask at least? We should consider all our options.”

Meliay sighed and sat back down. “Tell me what you know… Steve. And maybe, and that is a very BIG maybe, I will humor you.”

Steve fist pumped flat on the table. “Yessssh!” He then sat straight up and got straight to business. “You see, I’m part of caravan- er, more like a group of friends, that is traveling across the land in search of all kinds of exotic women to make our wives.”

“Gross.” said Meliay. Tyria shushed her.

“No! We’re not like other guys! We look for soul, we look for competence, we look for love! No easy going city showoffs for us. Ha ha!”

“Can you hurry up with your life’s story please, we’re in a hurry.” said Tyria. Meliay nodded in agreement.

“Of course! *hic* That girl has been trying to get in contact with every caravan, adventure groups, even just a traveling buddy to escort her out of the town. Me thinks of three things with this kind of behavior. 1 *hic* She’s scared of something out there and wants protection. 2, she needs to get out of here quick and needs someone that will make her trip easier. Or 3, she wants to make easy pickings off someone while traveling to another city to expand her operation. And considering that she wants to go south to Garmberland, everyone is sure that the 3rd reason is the most likely.”

“Interesting.” said Meliay, pinching her chin as she thought. “Alright Tyria, I have a plan.”

“You do?” asked Tyria and Steve at the same time.

“Yes. We’re gonna put up a flier saying that we’re seeking a third party member. Saying we’ll meet up in a secluded location. Then we capture her and make her tell us where our stuff is!”

Tyria nodded. “Simple, effective, straight to the point. Let’s do it when you’re ready.”

“Yesh!” said Steve, throwing his hands up in the air. “When do we start?”

Meliay gave a disgusted grunt. “YOU aren’t a part of any of this.” she said, trying to push him off the table. But Steve was so big that Meliay just pushed herself back.

Steve stood up, disappointed. “Come on, I gave you what you wanted. *hic* At least let me see this to the end.”

Meliay stood up with him. “No more! It is miserable being around you!” she said, poking his chest like it were a sword. “Your hair is a mess! You have an untrimmed bush for a beard! Your clothes are stained with who knows what! You absolutely reek of alcohol! And you’re fatter than any farmer's pig that I’ve ever seen! Just generally a really bad time to be around!” The tavern “ooh’d” at Steve’s belittlement.

Steve’s face grew serious and he downed the rest of his drink. He took a breath and burped. “It’s not fat *hic* …It’s power.” He said with one last smirk.

Meliay scoffed and pointed the tip of her staff at his face, extending the staff right into his face. With a loud metallic WHACK, he feel to the floor. The tavern cheered as his body rocked the whole building on impact. “Strikeout Steve strikes out once again!” One patron shouted.

“Damn, can’t believe I lost that bet!”

“Better luck next time, ay buddy!”

The tavern was roaring with laughter, bringing a whole bunch of attention that Meliay didn’t want. “Let’s get a paper and be done with this. I wanna get out of here as soon as possible.”

“O-Okay.” said Tyria. They both got up and headed over to the bar counter. Meliay picked up a blank piece of paper and set it down in front of her. “Don’t you need a pen?”

“No, I’ll just inscribe what we need with magic.” said Meliay. She placed her finger tips at the bottom of the paper. Blue energy started to swish around the paper, having straight ink streaks appear. Tyria watched as Meliay worked. In the constant drone of voices and music in the tavern, she tightened her legs again. Another wave made her need known. She sucked in air through her teeth and tried her best to hold it in with just her legs. But she could feel it pushing its way through her body. The pressure increased and her bladder started to ache. She tried and she tried, but it was too much. She was forced to quickly hold down on her crotch with one hand. Her breathing became labored as she bottled up her desperation. After a bit, the wave subsided, and Tyria gave a sigh of relief.

Tyria cautiously took her hand off her crotch, hoping that another wave wouldn’t start. She sighed, tired of anxiously waiting around. She pointed to the Barkeep. “I'll take a shot, your strongest please.”

Meliay looked at her surprised. “Are you sure?”

“I really need something to take the edge off.”

Meliay sighed. “I’ll take one too.”

“You got it.” said the Barkeep. She took a bottle and quickly filled up two shots before sliding them over to the girls. Meliay sipped her shot conservatively, but Tyria downed the whole thing in one shot. The drink was so much stronger than she was expecting. She coughed hard, making her lose a tiny drip of pee into her panties.

“Shit!” said Tyria. She crossed her legs, but the need felt the same. She took a deep breath and focused on not losing it like that again.

Meliay heard what happened and quickly finished up her drink and the flier. Meliay then pinned it to the questboard before coming back and patting Tyria on the shoulder. “I found a spot in town where we can meet earlier. Let’s head there now.”

“Yeah, okay. I just hope this works fast or not at all. I’d hate to chase her while losing it.”

“It’ll work, trust me.” Meliay held Tyria’s hand and started to lead her out of the Tavern. As they went, Steve looked at them from the ground.

“What a woman.” he said before laying back down and sleeping.

But just as the girls went through the doors, a hooded figure entered right beside them. They moved between the patrons without drawing much attention until they got to the quest board. They skimmed over all the listings until they found Meliay’s flier.

“3rd party member needed,” they read. “Considering any and all races, skill levels, and mannerisms.” The hooded figure raised their head, revealing partially that they were the Snake Oiler. “Yes! Maybe I can finally get out of here! I won’t be trapped anymore! Where? Where?!” She read it again. “The alley behind the cool Ramen place on Fusard street? Aw hell yeah! They even have taste!” She then quickly made herself out of the tavern. “Just you guys wait, I’m coming!”

###

Tyria and Meliay sat on a couple crates in the middle of a small alleyway. Meliay took a deep breath and leaned against the wall, but then a sudden realization crossed her mind.

“Aw shit!” she said.

“Huh? What? Did we forget something?” asked Tyria.

“Yeah. I forgot to go pee.” said Meliay, squeezing her legs together. She rubbed her hand over her stomach. “I think I’m starting to feel it in my bladder”

Tyria couldn’t help but chuckle a bit. “The cool and focused Meliay forgot to use the bathroom herself? What a blunder.”

Meliay laughed a bit herself. “Shut up! I was just so focused on your thing that it just… slipped my mind.”

“It’s just as much your thing as it is my thing. She stole from both of us, remember?”

“I guess you’re right.” Melia sighed and snaked her hand down to her crotch, holding it.

“You’re pretty comfortable already.” said Tyria.

Meliay crossed her legs over her hand. “Needing to pee is pretty far from comfortable.”

“No, I mean holding yourself like that. I’d never do that in public.”

“Well, we aren’t in public, are we? Let yourself be comfortable. We’re friends after all, and we’ve definitely done much weirder stuff with each other.”

“I guess you’re right.” Tyria placed a hand over her crotch and held it. She sighed as she was slightly relieved of the pressure. But then she laughed out loud. “Weirder things, that’s right!”

“What?” asked Meliay with a smile.

“Remember that time when we were just a stone’s throw from our 20’s? We had the wildest sleepover the day before your 18th. We visited, we fooled around.”

“Oh my god, Tyria! Stop!” said Meliay, hiding her face with her free hand, smiling embarrassingly.

Tyria leaned towards her, doubling down on her speech. “Your room was a mess! There were clothes strewn everywhere! We saw each other fully in the flesh for the first time! Did all those stupid poses and tried to paint them even though both of us couldn’t paint!”

Meliay lowered her hand and smiled at Tyria endearingly. “I remember.”

Tyria smiled back. She spoke more softly and intimately. “We even decided to see what it was like to kiss another woman. That session must’ve lasted for hours.”

“It was a bit more than kissing, Tyria.” said Meliay, blushing.

“You do remember!” said Tyria, happy as can be. “Then after all that, we cuddled each other as we went to bed on the same bed. But we still couldn’t go to sleep as we were too busy exploring each other. Heh, I’m sure I can trace your body from memory alone.”

“You were so warm while I was cold. You really warmed me up in that bed.”

“Yeah! And you were so cold it turned my boobs into daggers!” Both of them laughed hard, but both stopped abruptly, suddenly remembering their desperation.

Tyria cleared her throat. “And then the next day, we celebrated your birthday. The manor was full of people and servants. The only people we knew were each other, and lance but he doesn’t count. We never separated that whole party. Then the time came… and I went home. Everything returned to normal.”

Meliay became conflicted. Her thoughts became clouded with a question and whether or not to ask it. She took a deep breath. Considering Tyria’s situation, she decided to spill it.

“Why uh… why did we… you know, stop there?” she asked sheepishly.

Tyria sighed. “It was a super fun day, one of the best I’ve ever had. But, for some reason, it just didn’t feel right. It was… what’s the word? Passionless?” Meliay remained stoic, but this stabbed a hole right through her heart. “Like, how friends do weird shit for the sake of doing weird shit. It was fun to experiment with each other. But I think for a while now that I’ve decided that it just isn’t for me.”

The two were silent for several moments, crossing their legs periodically. “Meliay?” asked Tyria.

Meliay snapped out of her trance. “Yeah, cool, uh… good for-”

“I’m scared.” said Tyria, her voice cracking. Meliay softly exhaled and listened intently. “I want to keep going. I wanna see what other kinds of weird shit we’ll do. I wanna see who we can become! We haven't even started our stories yet and now I have… this.” Tyria gestured to her whole body. “At this point, I’m not even sure if I have more than a week left at this pace.”

Meliay sighed, stood up, and hugged Tyria. “We are gonna get through this, Tyria. I promise. This is not where your story ends. Count on that.”

Tyria hugged her back. “Thank you, Meliay. Oh thank you. You’re the bestest friend anyone could have.” Meliay silently nodded.

“Hello? Is anyone here?” asked a voice. The girls gasped.

“Already?” asked Tyria in a hushed voice.

“Get ready!” said Meliay. The two split up and hid the best they could.

“Hellooooooo?! Y’all said you guys were meeting up here!” After a moment, the snake oiler they were looking for stepped in. She was wearing a tattered brown hood over her regular attire. She was also holding a bowl of ramen and slurping up the noodles as she spoke. “I’m her to apply for that 3rd party member you needed.” She paused. “I was also wondering if you guys were heading south. Specifically to Garmberland?” She slurped some more ramen waiting for someone to answer. “What? Did someone get here before me?” She sighed. “I knew I shouldn’t have gone for some ramen.” The snake oiler turned to leave, but then an energy wall blocked her path, startling her.

“Glettings Bara!” shouted Meliay, her voice echoing through the air. The snake oiler saw her approaching. Meliay dragged the head of her staff along the ground, igniting it with golden energy before slamming it into the ground.

“Oh crap!” said the Snake Oiler. She jumped out of the way just as the staff sent a wave of destructed energy through the ground with a metallic ting. Meliay then hurriedly pointed her staff at the Snake Oiler and Tyria came out holding a crate over her head. “What are you gonna do with that?” asked the Snake Oiler, pointing at Tyria.

“Bash your head in for a start.” said Tyria, angrily.

The Snake Oiler wiggled her fingers in the air. “Ooh, so scary.” she said with a smug smile.

“Shut the hell up, bitch!” said Meliay, advancing on the Snake Oiler until the head of her staff was up against her neck. “Where the hell did you take our stuff?”

The Snake Oiler shrugged, “Who knows? Maybe it's already gone.”

“What?!” shouted Tyria.

The Snake Oiler snickered. “Honey, you have to understand. Holding onto contraband is just bad for business. I got rid of it as soon as I could.”

“Yeah, well that’s not good enough!” shouted Tyria. She then shoved the corner of the crate as hard as she could into the Snake Oiler’s stomach. “You’re gonna lead us to whoever you sold it to or is where your story will end!” Melaiy gave Tyria a worried glance. Why would she use her inspiring words as a threat?

The Snake Oiler wheezed. “Okay! On the note that you guys might be slightly serious, I would maybe probably help you.” As She talked, she silently pulled a bottle out from under her cloak. “But unfortunately, I have better things to do than to help a couple little lost girls find their precious little toys!”

“How dare you!” shouted Tyria.

The Snake Oiler held the bottle over her head. “Ta ta!” She slammed the bottle into the wall, creating a thick black smoke. Tyria and Meliay both stumbled back, coughing from all the smoke. Meliay thought fast and slammed the end of her staff on the ground. The black smoke instantly blew away.

“She got away!” said Tyria, trying to suppress her cough.

“I’ll find her!” said Meliay. She pointed her staff up into the sky and flew up. High above the buildings, she could see everywhere. From the corner of her eye, she saw something slip into the shadows. “Got you!” Meliay pointed her staff up to the sky and a huge beam of ice shot out. Her eyes glowed yellow as she focused on her target. “Ispirenga!” She threw her staff downward, hurling the beam straight down.

“Oh shit!” shouted the Snake Oiler. She dove out of the way, but felt her feet get blasted by the cold. “Ah! That’s cold!” She inspected them and saw that they were covered in frost. She pulled out another bottle and poured it on her feet. They glowed with orange energy, warming them up enough to rid them of the frost.

“She’s in the north east!” shouted Meliay down to Tyria.

“Okay! I’ll meet you there!” shouted Tyria. Meliay nodded. Foot pedals sprung out near her staff's head and she stepped on one while diving straight at the Snake Oiler, staff first. Tyria ran out of the alley but then felt a huge wave of desperation. “No! Not now!” She doubled over and crossed her legs. Her hands were glued to her crotch as she felt her pee make it a tiny amount down her urethra. “Come on, come on!” She looked over and saw Meliay slam onto the roof that the Snake Oiler was on, exploding the tile into pieces as her staff dug in. The Snake Oiler backflipped away from the attack.

“Hey! That’s someone’s house! Hope you can pay for that!” said the Snake Oiler, tauntingly. Meliay was hyper focused now, unwilling to play her game.

She tore her staff out from the roof and pointed it at the Snake Oiler “Leiptra!” A string of golden energy blasts shot out. The Snake Oiler yelped and quickly threw a bottle at her feet. When it broke, it created a big could of hardened foam that soaked all the blasts, breaking apart like rock with each hit.

The Snake Oiler dived off the roof and used a grappling knife to hook onto a high building and swung away. “You are so boring! You know that?” she yelled as she swung. Meliay growled and leapt after her. Tyria couldn’t just stay behind and watch. She used her anger to absolutely force down her wave of desperation, so much so that her body slightly cramped. The pee went back into her bladder and her desperation was momentarily replaced with aching from the effort.

“That should work.” she said to herself. She then ran off as fast as her bladder would reasonably let her.

The Snake Oiler landed on a long stretch of roof with Meliay landing not too close behind her. She thrust her staff ahead of herself like a spear and a blast of spiraling energy shot her forward. Before the Snake Oiler could react, she was pounded on by the head of the staff, flying away in a tailspin from the golden blast.

She fell face first onto the roof tiles and rubbed her back with her butt in the air. “Ow! That really hurt!”

“Good!” said Meliay. She swung the staff like a polearm, making the Snake Oiler roll away to dodge. She jumped up to her feet, backpedaled from two more swings of the staff, then took a quick swing of another potion. As Meliay swung again, the Snake Oiler ducked under the attack and spat the potion back out on Meliay’s staff. Meliay groaned in disgust before trying to swing again, but her staff didn’t move. It was glowing with red energy, stuck in the air and unable to move.

“How was that?” said the Snake Oiler, proudly. “I locked your toy in space time! Pretty clever, huh?”

“You know what, yes.” said Meliay. She then jumped over her suspended staff and drop kicked the Snake Oiler in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her. She then whipped back around and used a counter magic sigil on her palm. She grabbed the staff and the red energy broke like glass. “Clever won’t beat me though.” Meliay then swung around and swung her staff across the air, sending a slash beam towards the Snake Oiler. She gasped and hopped off the roof into the alley below. When she landed on the ground, she sighed with relief.

“There you are!” shouted Tyria. The Snake Oiler looked to see that Tyria was at the end of the alleyway, her hand on the wall as she breathed heavily “I’m not through with you yet!”

“Well I sure am!” said the Snake Oiler. She ran as fast as she could down the opposite direction. Then Meliay yelled as she came down with her staff primed to strike the ground.

“Glettings Bara!” shouted Meliay as she struck the ground. The Snake Oiler jumped on the wall as the energy wave passed through the ground, wall jumped one more time, then footstooled Meliay’s head before diving away again. She then ran across some scaffolding and knocked it down, blocking the path between her and the girls.

“Ha! Can’t get me now, huh?” said the Snake Oiler. Suddenly, the debris glowed orange, wiping the smile off her face. The debris exploded with a red hot fire and the Snake Oiler was thrown back. Meliay and Tyria both stared at her from the flame, looking threatening. “J-Just who are you guys?” The Snake Oiler struggled to her feet and pulled out another bottle. But something was wrong when she inspected it. “What the heck, why do I have this on me?”

Tyria and Meliay continued the chase. Meliay saw the bottle in the Snake Oiler’s hand and she pointed her staff at it. “Leiptra!” she shouted. She shot a golden energy blast and broke the bottle in the Snake Oiler’s hand. The bottle exploded into a bright yellow powder, engulfing the area in a yellow cloud.

“Augh! Why would you do that?!” said the Snake Oiler, breathing in some of the powder. As Meliay and Tyria ran through it, they breathed some in as well.

“You don’t get to ask questions!” said Tyria. She yelled as she sprinted full speed ahead of Meliay. She threw herself at the Snake Oiler, hoping to tackle her to the ground. But the Snake Oiler grappled away up towards the roof. Tyria pounded her fist on the ground. “No!” Townspeople started to gather, wondering what all the noise was about.

“I guess that little thief pissed off the wrong people.”

“Serves her right, if the Royal Guard weren’t gonna do anything about it, better these girls do something.”

Meliay ran up behind Tyria and looked up, seeing the Snake Oiler get away. She looked around and saw a man with a sword in its sheath. “Sorry sir, I need to borrow that!” She slammed the end of her staff into the ground and the man’s sword was surrounded in golden energy.

“What? Hey!” His sword flew out of its sheath and spun like a frisbee right at the Snake Oiler. She looked back and gasped, curling up in a ball as she braced. The sword didn’t go for her though, it cut the grappling hook in half.

“Awww! But that one was expensive!” she said as she fell onto a lower roof, rolling as she landed and continuing to run.

Tyria stood up and got an idea. “Throw me. Meliay, throw me!”

Meliay slammed her staff again. “Got it!” A giant sigil appeared in the air. Tyria stood upon it as it aimed directly at the Snake Oiler. “Go!” The sigil launched Tyria into the air like a rocket. She yelled as she flew, thrusting her arms out like an animal pouncing. The Snake Oiler was only able to give a quick glance before she was absolutely tackled up into the air. Her body folded in half from the sheer force as Tyria grappled onto her tightly, unwilling to let go even an inch as they tumbled through the air.

As they came close to landing on another roof. Tyria screamed as she threw her hardest punch into The Snake Oiler’s face. The force of the punch went through her face onto the roof, springboarding them both back into the air. Now they were on a crash course straight into a wall. But Tyria didn’t care. She swung one last sucker punch before they crashed into the building, cracking the infrastructure. Tyria crashed on her side and fell straight to the ground. The Snake Oiler clipped her back right on the edge of the roof, causing an audible crack in her bones as she bounced slightly ahead of Tyria.

As roof tiles fell on Tyria, she quickly got back up and brushed them off, stomping towards the Snake Oiler. The Snake Oiler was now scared for her life. She tried to get back up on her feet, but a huge pain made her bend over. “Ow! My back!” She looked again, Tyria was approaching quickly, her eyes forever than any adversary she’s ever seen. The Snake Oiler turned around and began to limp away, but the pain was too much and she couldn’t move like she used to. In one last ditch effort, she reached out to the people around her. “Help me! Pleas-”

Tyria grabbed her shoulders and threw her to the ground. The townspeople only looked on, unwilling to help. The Snake Oiler groaned in pain as Tyria sat on top of her, grabbed her by the collar bones, and slammed her face into the ground a couple of times, breaking her nose and splattering blood on the ground. Tyria then forced her to turn around and began to choke her.

“Of all days, you just had to pick this one!” said Tyria, in a growling voice. “My treasure, my memories, my last gift from my mother! It's gone because of you! And now you made me waste what could be my last week alive chasing you around like it's a game?! No! You don’t just get to walk away!”

The Snake Oiler’s vision began to blur as she struggled to breath. She had no idea that this person was one so traumatized to the point that would start getting choked out because of it. She whimpered and gasped what she could, desperately pushing away Tyria’s face. But then, she noticed something.

“You’re… *ACK*- crying…?” she said.

Tyria gasped. She had a momentary lapse in judgment as she took her hand off the Snake Oiler’s neck and wiped a tear off her face. The Snake Oiler gasped for air, wheezing as she clawed at her neck. Tyria looked at the tear in her hand. This feeling. It held all her frustrations. Her memories, her friends, her future. All will disappear in a very short amount of time. And this Snake Oiler, she is costing her this precious time. She was livid, wondering if this Snake Oiler could have stalled long enough to have her fail at her quest. The thought was too much.

Tyria gritted her teeth in rage and let loose another punch into the Snake Oiler’s face. Then came another punch, then an elbow, then a headbutt.

Meliay ran up behind her. “Tyria! What the hell are you doing?!” Tyria ignored her and continued on. “Tyria, stop!” she yelled, throwing her staff down and trying to pull her off. Tyria pushed her away and continued. “Tyria! That’s enough!” she shouted, throwing herself in between the two. She took a couple blows to her body before shouting, “Don’t be like him!”

Tyria gasped. Her punches finally stopped and she leaned back in horror. She looked at her hands, now peppered with blood. Her breathing got heavy as she started to hyperventilate. She then looked at Meliay, looking like a lost little girl. Meliay nodded comfortingly. “I’m gonna get you out of here, okay?” Tyria nodded with a shaky breath. Meliay reached for her staff and pounded the ground. Both Tyria and the Snake Oiler were both raised up into the air with golden energy.

The townspeople began to bicker.

“Damn, I was hoping to see a show.”

“Why did they stop? She deserved it didn't she?”

“She got off easy. I personally would’ve done more.”

All these comments reached the ears of the Snake Oiler. She looked down sadly, having thought she had gotten used to these comments. But they still hurt all the same. Her lip quivered and she tried to speak. “S-Southeast-”

“What?!” asked Meliay sternly.

The Snake Oiler yelped as she raised her hands defensively. “I-I’m sorry! Your stuff is in a warehouse in the very southeast of town, bordering on the wall! The key is under a doormat! I-I’ll lead you there!”

“And how do I know this isn’t just another trick of yours?” asked Meliay.

“It’s not, I swear! You can find it, take everything, and I’ll shut the fuck up forever! Okay, I got it! Please don't hurt me anymore!”

Meliay pondered for a moment. She looked at the Snake Oiler, seeing her sputtering the blood coming down from her nose. “Fine.” Meliay rose from the ground and blasted off down the street. As they flew, the Snake Oiler gave worrying glances at Tyria. But upon further inspection, she noticed that Tyria was looking at the ground, looking absolutely dejected. It made her wonder why Tyria was acting this way, but those questions would have to come later.

###

A door creaked open into a messy room, stacked tall with boxes and junk. The door got caught on some junk on the floor, stopping it from opening all the way. The door slammed into the junk a couple more times before someone outside groaned in annoyance. Suddenly, the door burst open with golden energy, breaking and knocking down everything in the way.

“That’s my stuff!” said the Snake Oiler.

“Shut… up!” growled Meliana.

“Mm-hm, got it!” the Snake Oiler zipped her mouth closed. Meliay walked inside and looked around, floating in the Snake Oiler and Tyria behind her. She found a desk with a firefly lantern. She flicked it, illuminating the area.

“Okay, Tyria, sit here and get some rest, okay?” said Meliay. Tyria nodded. Meliay set her down on a chair gently.

“And… what about me? I told the truth.” said the Snake Oiler.

“You-!” Meliay swung her staff. From the junk, a rope came out and wrapped itself around the Snake Oiler’s body. “Get to shut up!” She then finished by wrapping a cloth gag around her mouth. She then dropped the Snake Oiler on the ground, making her moan in pain.

Meliay then turned to Tyria. She knelt down beside her. “Tyria, are you okay?” she asked calmly. Tyria shook her head. “Tyria. I know the last day has been incredibly stressful, for all of us. But never, even in the face of death, should we ever lose ourselves. We have to be able to live true to who we are. Or else, will be disgraced in death. I’m here. I’m here to help you. Live by who you are, not by being engulfed in your emotions. Okay?”

Tyria solemnly nodded. “Yeah.”

Meliay sighed. “Alright. We’ll resupply with the stuff we can find around here, then we’ll continue on to Garmberland.” The Snake Oiler’s ears perked up at the name of the city. Meliay walked away and began to sift through the items. Tyria became lost in her thoughts again. What was she doing? She was actually about to kill that girl. She remembered back to an argument she had with her father.

“I’ll never be like you!” she shouted as a child. She slammed the door and never went back home. Sometime later and a little bit older, she found herself around a table with younger versions of Meliay and Lance. They had their hand on top of each other in the center of the table. “Here’s to our new party!” she cheered.

“Cheers!” the other two cheered, all raising their hands in celebration. Then Tyria remembered all the bandits they’ve captured and turned in. Some were simply lost and needed rehabilitation. Others were less than savory and chose to be locked up. But the important part was that they got a choice to change, to be someone else.

“To be better.” said young Lance. Tyria found herself sitting on the edge of a cliff looking at the sunset over their town of Kinida in the distance. She was resting her head on his shoulder endearingly. “We have to be better than those around us.” said Lance. “For if we aren’t the ones to set an example, the cycle of violence continues. Revenge begets revenge, you know what I'm saying?”

Tyria playfully pushed him away. “You’re so cheesy, you know that?”

“Whaaaat?” he said, laughing as well.

The memories echoed into silence. All there was now is the soft light washing over the dried blood on her hands. Then another feeling washed over her. She shifted nervously in her seat. It felt like her crotch was going numb. Her nether regions all felt like static and though her desperation felt the same, she could feel her pee snaking its way down her pee hole.

“No! Stop!” she said to herself. She stood up and bent over desperately, clutching her hands on her crotch as hard as she could. But her muscles were not working the way they were supposed to. They felt weak and fatigued. Her pee immediately squirted out into her panties, making her double over. “Oh god!” The pulsed out of her pee hole. A spur, a leak, another spurt. It just wouldn’t stop. Eventually, it quickly spilled out into her pants, creating a sizable.

“Ah! No… why?!” said Meliay. Tyria looked over to see that she was in the same predicament. She dropped her staff and held on to her crotch tightly. The front of her dress had a slowly growing wet patch. As it grew, pee seeped out from between her fingers. It also streamed down her legs, snaked its way through her stockings, and splattered on the floor.

“M-Meliay!” Tyria called. Meliay looked over and saw what Tyria was going through.

“Oh my god! Tyria, can you hold it?!” she asked.

Another spurt burst out of her pee hole into her pants. “Nooo!” she squealed.

Meliay tried to make her way over to Tyria, but had to stop in order to close her own pee hole. Try as she might however, she could only shake with effort as another spurt made its way down to her feet. “What’s happening to us?” she asked. “There’s no way we could’ve lost focus for that long!”

“Varnspydir!” said the Snake Oiler.

Meliay jumped and backed away from her. In doing so, a huge torrent of pee splattered on the floor before she was able to stop in. “Ah! How did you get out?!”

“Oh, well you may use magic to tie me up, but you tied it like a shoelace and so it was easy-”

“I don’t care!” shouted Meliay. Tyria then yelped and her wet patch grew once more. A couple of drops hit the floor. “What is happening?”

“Oh! That would be the Varnspydir powder you blew out of my hands! It’s a spider species that lives to the north in city sewers and outside unmaintained outhouses. They coat pee on their webs from any animals, demons, humans, whatever they can get their hands on in hopes of attracting bugs with the smell. And to increase that chance, they secrete aromatics from their bodies that induce a diuretic effect and numb the urethral muscles in hopes that things pee near it. To use for their webs and such.”

Both Tyria and Meliay bent over again, holding their pee as it spurted out of them. “A-And what you shot out of my hand was a pure concentrate of that aromatic, which is like 10x’s more potent! We all breathed it in and so that’s why this is happening!” the Snake Oiler finished quickly.

Tyria twisted her body as another spurt escaped her body, dripping onto the floor and extending the wet spot to just above her knees. “Stop! Please! I can’t pee yet!”

Meliay shuddered as another spurt of pee splattered near her feet. “A bathroom! Is there a bathroom for Tyria?!”

“Huh? Why? It’s not like-”

Meliay recalled her staff to her hand and pointed it at the Snake Oiler. “Bathroom! Where?! Now!”

The Snake Oiler raised her hands defensively. “Okay! Geez! There’s uh… one in the back corner! But there’s a bunch of stuff in the way-” Meliay swung her staff, immediately knocking everything out of the way with a large clattering sound. “Or you could just do that.” she said with a disappointed sigh.

Meliay opened the bathroom door and there it was. A toilet, plain and simple, though covered in a lot of dust. Meliay point to it. “Tyria, go, it’s all yours!”

“But Meliay.” she said, trying her best to quell another spurt. “What about you!?”

Meliay tried to stop another spurt, but muscles became so weak that she couldn’t reduce it down to anything less than a constant trickle. “Mmmm! Don’t worry about me! You’re more important! Just go!”

Tyria nodded. “Thanks!” She waddled her way past Meliay, who was now using her staff pole to push against her pee hole. Twisting and turning desperately trying to get her trickle to stop. Tyria made it a few more steps, each one having another drop of pee fall into her pants. But then, due to the poor lighting, she stubbed her toe on something solid, causing a shock of pain to rock her body. “Ow!” she yelped. The sudden shock made her lose what little control she had and then she now had a small constant trickle. She held, she crossed her legs, she twisted and turned, nothing was working. “I don’t think… I can make it!”

Meliay’s pee hole continued to gush around her staff pole. It was in such a way that the Snake Oiler could see under her raised skirt. The pee pooled up in her plain white panties before spilling out around the staff. “Oh… wow…” she said in a shaky voice. Just then, Meliay lost focus of where her hands were and she pressed the button that retracted her staff into its compact size.

“No!” she yelled as it fell out of her hands. It clattered on the floor and Meliay fell to her hands and knees chasing after it without thinking. The sudden shock from her falling to the floor broke the dam. She felt her bladder jiggle as the pee spurted out hard from her pee hole. She immediately used her hands to hold her crotch. Her face down on the floor, her butt in the air in full view, her legs crossed, the pee gushed out like a fire hose.

“No! Stop! A proper lady doesn’t do things like this!” she said. She squeezed her eyes tight and breathed through her teeth. But it was all over. The pee flowed straight through her fingers, creating a huge puddle as it pooled up at her knees.

“I think potion concentrate doesn’t care whether or not you’re a proper lady.” said the Snake Oiler, completely enticed with the sight before her.

Tyria looked back. “Meliay!” she said, seeing her lost battle. Tyria was more determined to make it this time. She grit her teeth and took a step forward. The trickle then grew twice as strong, emptying slightly fast now. Pee drops were now constantly falling down from her pants down near her feet. “No! I… can… make… it!” She took one more step.

Suddenly, all her control was lost. The pee gushed out of her pee hole, splashing against the inside of her pants pretty loudly. Waterfalls of pee streamed out of her pants and formed a puddle under her feet. Despite this, Tyria kept fighting to hold it in. “No no no no no! I can’t pee! I can’t pee yet! Not yet!”

The Snake Oiler looked at her confused. “Why? Just let it out, you already lost.”

“I just can’t! I need to stop by any means necessary!” said Tyria in a strained voice. She started to do ridiculous things. She arched her back, she hopped up and down, she even unbuttoned her pants to stuff her hand directly onto her pee hole. But nothing even slowed it down. It gushed around her inserted finger and came out all the same. The sight from Tyria almost swept the Snake Oiler off her feet. She could see Tyria’s red panties, entirely darkened from the wet pee. And she was so close to seeing what was under Tyria’s pussy. She jumped up and down while biting her lip.

Eventually the streams slowed down to a trickle until there was nothing left for the girls to lose. Meliay groaned in embarrassment as she sat up. Her mage robes were completely soaked all the way up to her shoulders, probably from her laying in the puddle as it grew. “T-Tyria?” she called. She stood up, letting residual pee fall from her body and clothes back into the puddle.

She was still fighting. Holding on with her hand completely still and shivering. Though, the pee still trickled into the puddle below her. Eventually, her bladder lost everything and flattened out. Tyria finally gave up and gave a sigh of relief. She looked up at the two people in front of her. “Meliay.” she said simply. Then, as one final pee drop fell from her pants onto the puddle, her expression became blank.

“Tyria?” asked Meliay. Just then, Tyria’s eyes rolled to the back of her head and her knees buckled. She collapsed into her pee puddle with a splash, completely gone. “Tyria!” cried Meliay. She slid over to her side and held her in her hands. She held her hand on Tyria’s face. “Tyria! Come on! Stay with me! I’m still here!”

The Snake Oiler was shocked. “Wait, what?! Did… Did she just up and die?!”

Meliay continued to cradle her body. She was on the verge of tears and her voice began to crack. “Tyria, please come back! Please! I need you back! I… I love you!” Tyria’s body remained lifeless.

