I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I'll Die?!

Author: Zentou

*017*2023-10-06 14:39

Chapter 5: Mi Casa, Su Casa

“Could you stop movin’ around so much?” asked Steve. “It’s gettin kinda hard to keep you balanced.” Steve and the girls had arrived in the streets of Garmberland’s outer residential district.

“I’m sorry!” said Faminelli, wriggling around on Steve’s arm with both arms on her crotch. “It’s gotten so bad that I can’t stop!”

“You’re a big strong man, aren’t you?” teased Dagalin, with one leg crossed over the other and slightly bouncing. “I’m sure a couple of women clamping down on your arms won’t hurt you too badly.”

“It’s about you guys falling off more than it is about my discomfort.” said Steve, unamused.

“Dagalin! What am I gonna do?” asked Faminelli.

Dagalin wrapped her arm around Faminelli. “Just try and hang in there. Besides, you’re not the only girl who needs to go.” Dagalin then gave a cheeky glance at Meliay on the other side of Steve.

Meliay gasped slightly and looked away. “Y-You’re crazy. As if I’d be so irresponsible.” As she said this, she grip her arms tightly, twisted around slightly, and pressed her legs together tightly.

“At least you guys won’t die if you guys go.” said Tyria, enjoying the scenery they were passing by without a care in the world. “Just the knowledge that you will do quite possibly one of most embarrassing things in front of all the people you know.”

“Tyria! You’re not helping!” said Meliay with a slight growl. Tyria only chuckled in response.

Lance, who was running slightly behind them, groaned loudly. “My god! How long… are we gonna keep running?! Like… do we even know where we’re going?”

Faminelli’s eyes then widened. “STOP!” she yelled while holding onto Steve’s head. Steve then slid to a halt. All the girls yelled as they tried to hold on. Dagalin hung upside down from Steve’s forearm, wrapping her arms and legs around it. Meliay used her levitation magic to hold herself in place. And Tyria gasped as she fully fell off, only for Lance to swoop in and catch her in a princess carry.

“I saved you.” he said with that stupid smile Tyria knew so well.

Tyria then gave him a playful slap in the face. “My hero.” Lance blushed slightly as the two became entranced by each other’s eyes. Meliay looked at them wistfully, choosing to break up the moment by clearing her throat loudly. The two snapped out of it and Lance put Tyria on her feet. “So why did we stop?” she asked.

Faminelli pointed to the street they were just about to cross. “We were just about to pass the market street. That place is absolutely packed with people at this hour.”

“And that’s a problem, why?” asked Steve, giving Faminelli a confused look.

“Look at me!” shouted Faminelli, having to scrunch up her body to hold back a wave of desperation. “I can’t go into a crowd like that while having to do this!”

“Then just try and keep your composure.” said Dagalin, “I recognize this street. There’s a friend of mine’s house close by, I think we can get there before we can reach the Inn’s in the center of the city.”

“I-I’ll try.” Faminelli slowly removed her hands from her crotch and loosened up her legs. Almost immediately, she felt her control slip. She quickly reapplied her hands on her crotch and squirmed like her life depended on it. The pressure was just on the tip of her pee hole. Then with a squeal, pee spurted out, dampening her panties slightly and making her gasp. “No! Nope! I absolutely cannot! I have to hold it with my hands!” Eventually, the pressure subsided and made its way back up into Faminelli’s bladder. The warm wet feeling in her crotch though made her uncomfortable.

“Then let’s hurry up! Their house is just this way!” said Dagalin, pointing the way.

“I’d love to, but I’m not exactly one for plowing through crowds.” said Steve.

Meliay then hopped off Steve’s arm and extended her staff. “Then we can use my magic to fly there.” she said, tightly crossing her legs from the pressure that built up from landing.

“And make us the main attraction! Absolutely not!” said Faminelli.

“And sorry to burst your bubble,” said Tyria, “But I don’t think you could carry this much weight. All of them together would probably weigh a literal ton! Could you really carry us that far?”

Meliay planted the end of her staff on the ground and squirmed slightly. “I guess not.”

“Then we’ll do the only sensible thing, we’ll just have to walk.” said Steve. “Our lower profile will make us less likely to be focused on while we still move at a reasonable pace.”

“Says the 7 foot tall man!” said Faminelli, still nervous.

“We’re out of options you want to use.” said Steve. He set her down on the ground and bent down to her level. “I assure you that the average person is a master at minding their own business. You live in a big city, yeah? Surely you’ve seen your fair share of weird things and not cared.”

Faminelli pondered for a bit and nodded. But an idea came to her mind. She snapped her fingers and her jacket threads immediately burst and spooled around her body, tightening up until she was practically mummified by jean threads. “There! Now I’m anonymous! I think I’ll feel a little better this way.”

“Is that why you added a strip of tight cloth to help you hold it?” asked Dagalin, pointing to the strap that way slightly imprinted under the threads. It wrapped around her shoulders and crotch tightly.

Faminelli stamped her foot in frustration. “Dagalin, please don’t make it worse!”

“Alright, let’s go.” said Steve. “I’ll take the front, the girls will follow behind, and Lance, you take up the rear.”

“Yes sir!” Lance said instinctively.

Meliay sighed. “It’s not like a military operation, Lance. Don’t give him the satisfaction.”

“He’s only trying to help.” said Lance.

Meliay noticed that she may have been slipping again and she took a deep breath. “Fine.” The group got in formation and began to snake their way through the dense crowd. Faminelli stood as close behind Steve as she could, hoping that his huge stature would cover her from prying eyes. Dagalin followed behind her, giving directions to the rest of the group while also having to hold her hands near her side as she was coming close to her limit. Meliay came next, gripping her staff tight as she stubbornly hid how badly she needed to go. She could feel her bladder was now as hard as a rock and was pushing quite hard on her pee hole. Tyria and Lance took the back, each somewhat distracted by each of the girls' ways of holding. Secretly however, Faminelli gave a quiet gasp and felt a tiny drip of pee escape her urethra. She silently begged the group to hurry.

###

Dagalin walked up the steps of a poorly kept front yard sidewalk. Blades of grass tickled the other girls' ankles, making them kick it away thinking they were bugs. Dagalin then went up to the door and knocked in a specific way, clearly being some kind of code. But for a while, nothing happened.

“Barrek! It’s me! I’m… I’m back.” shouted Dagalin. Another pause of nothing. Dagalin heard the slight whimpers of Faminelli dancing behind her. Thinking about it made her own desperation rise a bit. She held her own crotch slightly with her left hand. “It’s urgent!” Another moment of silence.

“I don’t think they’re home, Dagalin.” said Tyria.

“No! No no, please! We would’ve wasted so much time!” said Faminelli under her breath.

“No worries!” said Dagalin. She shifted over and raised an upside down flower pot, revealing a key. “I just so happen to have a spare key.” She put it in the door knob and quickly opened it, letting herself in. Everyone else quickly followed, but Meliay stopped Steve outside the door.

“Look, I guess I can thank you for helping us or whatever.” said Meliay, looking away.

“Oh? Was that almost a thanks?” asked Steve.

“Augh! Don’t get used to it! You don’t have to help us anymore so… let us deal with our own problems, okay?” Meliay then shut the door in his face.

“But… I want to help anyway.” he said, slightly dejected.

When Meliay entered the house, it wasn’t very impressive. It was dark with dirty shades drawn, the kitchen counter was full of empty instant meals and beer bottles, and the living room had the bed in its center pointing at a magic pane, with the bed un-made of course.

“Your friend is kind of a slob.” said Meliay.

Dagalin then sweeped the trash on the kitchen counter into a trash can over the side, missing half of it in the process. “Yeah, he kinda gets like this when I don’t check on him from time to time. I can’t leave him alone for too long, you know?”

“Guys! Please! I-I need a bathroom!” said Faminelli, desperately holding her crotch and shivering in place. Even her tail was holding on top of her hands. And thought the light was dark, the girls could see that a slight wet patch had appeared on her shorts. She doubled down and held even harder, until even her bones started to ache. “Now would be good!”

“Yeah, imma sit this one out.” said Lance to Tyria, going over to the living room and fiddling with the magic pane.

“Oh! Um, the first door on the right down the hall!” said Dagalin.

“T-Thank you!” said Faminelli. But before she could move, Dagalin hopped over the kitchen counter and got in her way.

“But I get to go first! I’ve been needing to go pretty badly too! So I hope you don’t mind, Elli.” Dagalin said with a smile.

“But, Dagalin!” said Faminelli with a slight squeal.

“Like hell!” said Meliay, walking up beside Faminelli. “She’s about to lose it! Let her go first!”

“Are you sure you aren’t in the same boat, Meli?” asked Dagalin. “Drinking both the lifewater and the Varnspydir infused potion has to have left you in quite the predicament.”

“I’m fine!” said Meliay, while also crossing her legs as subtly as she could.

“Uh huh.” said Dagalin, clearly not believing her.

“Guys! Please! Stop arguing!” said Faminelli, twisting her body in desperation. “I don’t care anymore! All this fighting is wasting time! Something of which I don’t have very much of!”

“Why does that sound like my line?” asked Tyria, scrolling through the channels on the magic pane with Lance on the bed.

“As your friend, I’ll let you go first. But do please hurry up! I’m barely hanging on as it is!” said Faminelli, bending over as her wet patch re-glistened with a new spurt of pee.

“Right! I’ll go as fast as I can!” said Dagaling, quickly swinging into the bathroom and shutting the door with a click of the lock. Faminelli and Meliay both stood in a line beside the door.

“You’re too nice for your own good, you know that?” said Meliay.

“Better than being mean, isn’t it?” asked Faminelli. Meliay sighed and looked away.

###

Dagalin walked across the bathroom towards the toilet. “My beloved.” she said while holding her hands out over the toilet. She danced slightly as she tried to reach around her back to unzip her suit. But as soon as she tugged on the zipper, it pulled off the suit with a tiny tink. Dagalin gasped and held the zipper to look at. She saw chew marks and bits of teeth.

“Those assholes!” she said. “The stars ate my zipper!” She tossed the broken zipper away and tried to pull her suit apart. But it stuck like glue, still being quite damp from the lifewater veins. She twisted around and tugged as best as she could, trying desperately to get her suit off.

###

Meliay closed her eyes and concentrated, trying to think of anything to get her mind off her desperation. But no matter how much she tried, it always looped back around to her need to pee. Eventually, the thought of needing to pee and actually needing to pee seemingly stacked upon each other and sent a huge wave of desperation through her body. Her expression stiffened as she willed her pee holding muscles to hold harder. But the pressure built higher and higher. She tried as hard as she could, but the pee was just about to burst out. She gasped as she finally had no choice but to hold her crotch with her hands.

“Fuck! No!” she said to herself, holding as hard as she could. But she had waited too long. Some pee hand already made its way past her muscles and was squeezed out into her panties. “Shit!” she gasped. Her skirt received a small coin-sized wet spot for her stubbornness. She twisted her body, crossed her legs, pressed on her crotch like a vice, all in an effort to stem the wave. But it wouldn’t go away. This new wave had become her new desperation level. There was no going back.

“Dagalin! Ah! Please hurry!” said Faminelli. She had her legs flat against the wall, crossed tightly. She grit her teeth as she bent over rapidly, pressing into her crotch as hard as she could. Despite this extraneous effort, almost half of her shorts were now wet and the first beads of pee began to snake their way down her upper inner thighs.

Suddenly, Dagalin opened the door and swung out. “Sorry to keep you waiting guys!” she said with a strained smile. “But my zipper broke off and now I can’t pee. I’m gonna go ask Tyria for help, you guys go on ahead.”

“Finally!” Faminelli said with a slight whimper. She hobbled inside the bathroom, a couple new beads of pee streamed down to her middle thighs in the process. When she stood in front of the toilet, she turned around and tried to unbutton her shorts, but gasped when she saw Meliay close the door behind them. “Meliay! What are you doing in here?!”

“In all honesty, I’m about to lose it too!” said Meliay with a strained voice. “I’m gonna be right here until you’re finished, then we’ll switch.”

“No! I can’t pee in front of someone else!” said Faminelli.

“Are you sure you can afford to say that?”asked Meliay. As if on cue, Faminelli’s shorts glistened with even more pee, the first drops finally going straight through them and landing on the tile floor.

“Ah! Fine, okay!” Faminelli pointed to the bathtub. “Stand there, don’t look at me, don’t hear me, don’t even imagine me!”

Meliay quickly hopped in the bathtub and faced the wall. “Got it! Just hurry!” Faminelli then closed the shower curtain behind her. Meliay waited patiently behind the curtain. She danced and held as hard as she could. She could hear the strained grunts and moans Faminelli was making behind the curtain, silently apologizing as she couldn’t use her hands to block her ears. But the strange part was that this was starting to go on for a while. She listened to Faminelli fumble around for what felt like 30 seconds, then a minute, then 2 minutes. A wave of desperation came, making Meliay have to hold even harder. But it was starting to become impossible to hold it all inside as another spurt made its way out quite easily, pattering on the ceramic floor of the bathtub. Every second was starting to count and Faminelli was taking her sweet time. What was she doing?

“Faminelli? Are you okay?” Meliay asked.

“Meliay!” said Faminelli, with her voice as high as a balloon. “I can’t get them off! My shorts are too tight! Please! I need your help!”

“Okay! I’m coming!” Meliay shoved the curtain to the side and hopped over to Faminelli. Her shorts were soaked now and a puddle had formed at her feet that was the size of a small plate. “The button, right?”

“Yes! Please hurry!” said Faminelli. Meliay immediately got to work but immediately noticed something strange. The button on her shorts had so much tension on it, it would’ve been a miracle if she got them on by herself.

“How did you put these on?!” asked Meliay, still fiddling with the button. “It’s almost like I’m trying to pull apart steel!”

“They weren’t that hard to put on when I put them on a couple days ago!” said Faminelli, trying to shut out another spurt. “And I know I didn’t gain weight! I have a strict dietary regimen!” Meliay looked closer at the problem. She then gasped as it looked like Faminelli’s abdomen was about to burst out of the shorts itself. She went over to touch it. But without even barely running her fingers over it, Faminelli yelped and backed away. A huge gush of pee came out of her shorts and splattered on the floor. “Please! Don’t touch there!”

Meliay knew immediately what the problem was, even with the slight touch. Her abdomen was rock hard, almost like touching a slime monster. “It’s your bladder, Faminelli! You held it for so long that it grew so big that you can’t take your shorts off anymore!”

“What?! No! Please! I’m so close!” said Faminelli, tears forming in her eyes from the sheer strain.

“Listen! The only way for this to work is to suck in your stomach as much as you can! Then in that time, I’ll unbutton the shorts!”

“I can’t!” said Faminelli, “If I do, I’ll pee!”

“Well it's pee now or pee later, we don’t have many options right now!” said Meliay. She crouched down and held her hands at the ready over the shorts button. “Are you ready?” Faminelli, with little choice in her panicked mind, nodded. “In 3, 2, 1, go!” Faminelli sucked in her stomach as much as she could. But as she did so, Meliay felt a wave of desperation at the absolute worst time.

“Shit!” she said and a jet of pee immediately shot through her panties onto the floor. She quickly clamped it up, but she could feel the rest of the stream ready to leak through. She took a deep breath and worked as fast as she could. With Faminelli’s stomach sucked in, it was easy to unbutton her shorts now, doing so in a swift motion. But it was quicker than Meliay anticipated and she momentarily lost her balance, leaking another jet onto the floor. She stood up and danced around with both hands on her crotch. “Alright! Now hurry!”

Faminelli tried to get her shorts off, but now there was another problem. The wet fabric was getting stuck on her skin. It was impossible for her to slide them down with only one hand and the other holding her crotch. Meliay watched as she prayed that Faminelli would make it in time. But her hope soon faded as another spurt gushed through her fingers, then another, and another. They were happening so frequently. No matter how hard Meliay tried, she couldn’t stop them! That was when she then felt the big one coming. The stream that would break all her defenses and leave her utterly powerless. Still in vain, she held, she danced, she even bent her body at various different angles. Nothing even slowed down the oncoming disaster.

“S-Sorry Faminelli! I-I just can’t hold it anymore!” said Meliay. She quickly hopped into the bathtub, crouched down, slid her panties over to the side, and peed a torrential jet of pee against the wall of the tub. It was so loud that it was seemingly rattling the air around them. Faminelli was forced to hold with both hands as the sound made her spurt into her shorts again, splattering drops into her puddle, now the size of a large dinner plate. In a last bid, she grabbed the sides of her shorts and pushed down with her might. The shorts scrunched up, just getting to her lower-mid thigh. But that was good enough for her. Her pee hole burst, spraying everything it had into her blue, green, and black striped panties, showering down on the floor and her shorts for a split second before faminelli threw herself on the toilet.

Meliay gave a huge sigh of relief. She was actually quite surprised, she kept peeing at full power for what felt like a whole minute and a half before it petered out. As she peed, she looked at Faminelli, her eyes squeezed shut as she sobbed in a high pitched voice. Her face was as red as a tomato as her pee splashed loudly into the toilet below.

Eventually, both of their streams died down to nothing more than droplets. Both of them breathed heavily, absolutely exhausted from the amount of effort they had to put in in order to make it as far as they did. Meliay leaned back and sat down on the far end of the tub, as far from the pee as she could. “Are you okay?” she asked.

Feminelli gave another sob. “I couldn’t even say I made it. I just minimized the damage. Look at me, a grown woman, peeing her pants like a child! I’m such an embarrassment.”

Meliay put her painties back on and walked over to her. “Faminelli. It's going to be okay. Any adult would pee themselves if they held it as long as we did. This was just a bad circumstance.”

Faminelli sniffled, tears running down her eyes. “But-”

Meliay reached in, hugging Faminelli warmly. “I was a victim too, you weren’t alone. But you know what we’re gonna do?”

“What?”

“We’re gonna move on. This is just a simple accident in the very bumpy road called life. We’ll grow, we’ll learn, we’ll be better at this sort of thing.” Meliay said with a smile.

Faminelli hugged back. “Thank you, Meliay! You’re not as mean as I thought you were.”

Meliay stood back up. “Hey, I’m a pretty nice girl once you get to know me.”

Faminelli chuckled. “I bet.” She then fully took off her shorts as well as her panties, exposing her bare lips and making Meliay blush. Turns out the carpet does match the drapes.

“Whoa! Are you okay with that?” asked Meliay, shielding one on her eyes with her hand. “I know you are a bit more squeamish than the rest of us.”

“Dagalin said that this was just locker room stuff. If I’m gonna be better, I’ll have to get over my uncomfortable nature in such settings. Plus, if I’m gonna travel with Dagalin, I imagine we’ll be doing this a lot.” said Faminelli.

“For sure.” said Meliay, putting down her hand. “We even took a shower together under a waterfall in a cave. It was actually so pretty.”

“You did! That sounds so cool! You gotta show me some time!” said Faminelli excitedly.

“I will! If you’re gonna be traveling with us, then I guess you’re my friend.” said Meliay with a smile.

“My friend?!” asked Faminelli, “For real?”

“For real, for real.” said Meliay.

Faminelli threw her hands up in the air in celebration. “Yayyy! That officially makes you the second friend I've ever officially made!”

“Aw thanks.” said Meliay, scratching the back of her head. She then pointed to Faminelli’s legs. “On another topic, do you happen to have spare clothes on you?”

Faminelli nervously shifted back and forth. “No, not anymore. We jumped into the lifewater vein before we got my stuff.”

“Oh… sorry for sealing the entrance before you could go get them.” said Meliay, apologetically.

“No! It’s fine! It only just occurred to me right now so I would’ve forgotten about them either way. On a more pressing note, I need to figure out how to get dry.” said Faminelli, flicking her hands on the ground. The tiny droplets that came off sent ripples through the puddle on the ground. The two of them then looked at the towel rack.

“And there’s only one towel.” said Meliay in a disappointed tone. “This dude, how does he live with himself?”

“Should we take turns?” asked Faminelli.

“You go first. You seemed to have gotten a lot more pee on you than I did.” said Meliay.

“Thanks,” Faminelli said with a smile. “Maybe I should start wearing skirts more often if this becomes a regular occurrence.”

“I’m sure this will be the last incident for us for a while.” said Meliay.

“Hopefully.” said Faminelli, taking the towel off the rack and wiping down her legs. Meliay watched as she did so, imagining it to be Tyria. Her body seemingly being overlaid over Faminelli’s. As she wiped her upper thigh, Meliay imagined Tyria's recognizable birthmark. It was like a scar of a blade snaking its way down her leg. But it was still as smooth as the rest of her skin and glistened just as brightly. Then as Faminelli reached her crotch, Meliay was taken away completely to fantasyland. It was that special night again. The laughs, the moans, the intimacy. It was making Meliay’s body shiver with arousal.

“Hey um, Meliay?” asked Faminelli.

Meliay was knocked out of her trance. “Y-Yeah.”

“Could you not stare?” asked Faminelli, looking away slightly and blushing. “I may be trying to get used to this, but that’s a little hard when you won’t take your eyes off my goods.”

“Oh! I’m so sorry! I’ll just… look this way.” said Meliay, facing the door.

“Thank you!” said Faminelli, getting back to her business. As she did so, Meliay smiled. Letting the mischievous thoughts from earlier flood her mind. Oh how badly she wanted her and Tyria to do that again someday.

###

“Finally!” said Dagalin, leaning back from the bed. “What took you guys so long?”

Meliay and Faminelli walked in from the hall. “Well, you see…” said Faminelli, poking her index fingers together nervously.

“We ran into some… complications.” said Meliay, answering for her.

“Uh huh?” said Dagalin, eyeing them up and down. “Does it have something to do with your soaking wet clothes?”

Faminelli’s face flushed red. “Could we not right now?!”

Dagalin laughed. “I’m just teasing, Elli! Plus,” Dagalin rubbed her legs together and bounced in place. “I’m not exactly in a good spot either.”

Tyria peered in from behind Dagalin. “They didn’t just eat her zipper handle, the whole like… “Mechanism?” I don’t know, is gone.”

“And I chose a really strong zipper. Ain’t no way we are pulling this apart.” said Dagalin.

“Wait, you chose it?” asked Faminelli, approaching full of interest.

“Yeah. The suit and cloak I made myself. Which is why I would really like to not pee in them.” Dagalin breathed through her teeth and held her crotch for a moment, bending forward slightly. “ But at this point, I don’t think I’m gonna have a choice.”

“You said you made it, can’t you fix it?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin scoffed. “Yeah right. You try fixing a zipper on your back while also desperate to pee. And I only know how to do basic stitching and sewing. I only attached the zipper to the suit. I can’t really fix the zipper itself. I’d have to take it off and put on a new one.”

“Wait, I think I can fix it.” said Faminelli.

“You can?” asked Tyria.

“I uh… dabbled in armor smithing as a little hobby. That’s how I made my jacket, Threaddy.” Faminellie then let threads from her jacket flow through the air.

“Threaddy?” asked Lance.

“You know, because thread kinda leads into the name Freddy? I thought it was pretty cute.”

Dagalin stood up, slightly bent over. “Can you really fix it though?”

Faminelli raised her hands “I can try. But we have a couple problems.”

Meliay raised her eyebrow. “And that would be?”

“Armor doesn’t normally incorporate zippers in their design. Less reliable than straps and clips and the like. So I’d technically be working in new territory, but I should be familiar enough with how it works. But the other thing is more problematic…”

“Which is?” asked Tyria.

“I kinda left all my tools back at my place…” she said nervously, hiding her hands behind her back.

“You say that like it’s a bad thing.” said Lance.

“In a way, yeah.” Faminelli began to pace back and forth. “You see, I didn’t exactly leave home on the best of terms. It's just my mom and seven sisters.”

“Damn, seven sisters? I can barely handle you two.” said Lance, pointing to Tyria and Meliay. Both of them gave him unamused looks. “Alright, I’ll just shut up.”

Faminelli resumed. “My Mom is kind of a skeptic. So when she heard that I wanted to travel, she didn’t really support my decision. It was all, ‘How are you gonna make a living?’ or ‘Where are you even gonna live?’ and stuff like that. So I just kinda left unannounced.” Faminelli looked down nervously. “I’m kinda scared to go back there. I don't really know how she’ll react.”

“Why not be straight forward?” asked Dagalin. “You met some new friends who needed help-”

“No!” said Faminelli a little loudly, startling Dagalin a bit. Faminelli calmed down a bit. “No. It’s a bit much for me right now. We’ll just sneak in, get the stuff, and go.”

“Okay. We’ll do it your way.” said Meliay, placing her hand on Faminelli’s shoulder. “Do you think you can do it?”

Faminelli pondered a bit. “I can sneak in just fine, getting out is gonna be harder. I have a lot of tools that I’d need to move. I may have to make several trips.”

“Screw that.” said Dagalin. “Mama ain’t raise no two trip bitch! We’ll do it all in one!”

“How?! I’ve got at least 100 tools in my room!” asked Faminelli.

“Oh, I guess I never showed you.” said Dagalin. She took off her cloak and laid it flat against the bed before taking a lamp and dropping it right on top. The lamp fell straight through.

Faminelli gasped. “You put a holding enchantment on your cloak! That’s so cool!” She ran her hands through the fabric. “Yes, this will work perfectly!”

“Then let’s go now.” said Dagalin, crossing her legs tightly. “The sooner the better. I don’t think I can last much longer.”

“But I was hoping to go in late at night when everyone is sleeping.” said Faminelli, her voice trailing off.

“But you don’t want me to pee myself also, don’t you?” asked Dagalin.

“Well… no. I’d hate for you to soil your clothes too. Laundry is already hard enough with just Threaddy.”

“Okay, lead the way Faminelli. We’ll all make it in and out quick!” said Dagalin with a fist bump.

“I actually think we should split up our efforts.” said Meliay. “Me, Lance, and Tyria should go around town looking for a way to get to the mushroom falls. You and Faminelli should go by yourselves. The less people there are, the less likely you are to be caught.”

“Alright then,” said Dagalin, putting her hands up. “I get it, you still don’t wanna hang out with me.”

“N-No, I just-”

“I’m kidding!” said Dagalin, tapping Meliay’s shoulder with the back of her hand. “It’s a good plan. I’ve always been a multitasker. And let’s be honest, I’m a bit better suited to stealth than the rest of you. I’ve got the darker clothes and I’m more subtle compared to what happened in Boford Town.”

“I get it.” said Meliay. “It's your cloak too, you know.”

“Yeah, I do.” Said Dagalin with a cheeky smile. She made her way to the front door and opened it. “Faminelli and I will take off right now. You guys go whenever you feel like it.”

“Right now?” asked Faminelli.

“Yes right now!” said Dagalin, gripping the doorknob with both hands and crouching down as a slight wave of desperation ran through her body. “It’s not like I have to pee or anything!”

“Oh! Okay, um, we’ll go right now!” Faminelli said while running over to the door. “Good luck everyone else!”

“Good luck!” said Tyria, waving from the bed. Faminelli nodded and closed the door. Dagalin took a step forward and immediately stubbed her toe on something.

“Ow!” she yelped. She jumped on one foot, holding her stubbed toe to soothe the pain. But the shock of the impact also rocked her bladder, sending an even stronger wave of desperation. Dagalin gave a stuttered gasp and she held her crotch with both hands. She could feel her urethra struggling to remain closed, the muscles aching slightly from the pressure.

“Dagalin! Are you okay?!” asked Faminelli.

Dagalin calmed her breathing and loosened the pressure on her crotch a bit. “Yeah, I think I’ll make it.” She looked down to see Steve sleeping in the middle of the garden path. “Damn, his head is hard as a rock!”

“He sleeps like a log too.” said Faminelli.

“Whatever. Faminelli, could you please lead the way?” Dagalin balled her fists and raised her knee. “And hurry.”

“Of course! This way!” Faminelli sprung herself over Steve's body using Threaddy and Dagalin followed close behind, vaulting over Steve’s chest before running into the city.

###

The streets were dark now and the air got cold. Golden lights poured out of the nearby houses as families began to enjoy their dinners. And within the empty streets, Faminelli and Dagalin were strolling down. Dagalin was in worse shape, trying her best to walk without holding her crotch just in case they ran into somebody. But it was getting extremely difficult. Every step threatened to separate her pee holding muscles and let the stream flow. She held her arms tightly and braved on the best she could.

Faminelli looked back and curiously looked Dagalin up and down. She wondered if dagalin’s bladder was bulging just like hers was. As they passed another lit window, she got a good look. It definitely was bulging out against Dagalins tight suit, creating a subtle, rotund dome above her abdomen. She must’ve had to go bad. At least she won’t have difficulty taking off her clothes.

“Are we almost there?” Dagalin asked, shivering slightly.

“Almost there, I promise.” said Faminelli assuringly.

“You said we were almost there 5 minutes ago.” said Dagalin, rubbing her hands near her crotch. “I didn’t think you would be living on the other side of town.”

“That's just how it is. I don’t control where I live.” Dagalin groaned at this. Her bladder was seemingly displeased at this news as well as it sent its first serious wave of desperation. She gasped and she quickly slipped into the shadows and held her crotch tightly. The pressure pressed on her pee hole, like water threatening to break through a glass window. “Oh! Are you okay?” asked Faminelli, rushing to Dagalins' side.

Dagalin felt the pressure subside, but now she couldn’t remove a hand from her crotch. “It’s getting really bad, Elli. I think I’m topped up in here.” she said heavily breathing, rubbing her bladder gently. “If your house isn’t around the corner, I think it's the end for me.”

“It is, it is! I promise this time!” said Faminelli.

Dagalin then held out her free hand. “Then please lead the way.” Faminelli took it and hurried Dagalin down the street. After a quick left turn, Faminelli pointed to a shabby shack.

“There, that’s my house.” she said. It was a crude place. Wooden all the way through, seemingly put together with driftwood. Its second story was larger than the first, making it look like it collapsed at any moment, despite the planks of wood supporting it.

“THAT’S your house?” asked Dagalin.

Faminelli sighed. “Home sweet home.”

“Um… sorry.”

“It’s fine. Let’s get the stuff and go.” said Faminelli with a hint of determination.

The two got closer and looked it over in the darkness. “So which one is your room?” asked Dagalin. She was sitting against a crate with her knees to her chest and her right hand over her crotch, glancing over the side.

“That one.” said Faminelli, pointing to a window. Her cat ear then twitched. “They’re having dinner. Great timing for us.”

“You can hear them from here?” asked Dagalin.

“A special trait of mine.” Faminelli said. Dagalin looked over the window again. It was high above the ground with no ground underneath it.

“I don't think I can make that jump.” Dagalin said. “I have a jump potion, but considering my situation, I don’t I wanna risk any more than I have to.” She twisted her legs slightly after saying this.

“We can use Threaddy.” said Faminelli. “I’ll lift you up and you can undo the lock.”

“Oh! That’s a good idea!”

Faminelli felt a surge of pride. “Of course. Just ask Threaddy and it can solve almost any problem.”

Dagalin then stood up and held her arms out. She twisted her legs extra hard to compensate for her missing hand. “Come on, let’s do it now.” Faminelli nodded and held her hand out. The threads around her jacket sleeve unwove and wrapped themselves around Dagalin’s stomach tightly. Dagalin yelped. She was forced to bend over and hold her crotch as she felt her bladder get compressed like a bag of water. “No! Don’t grab me there!”

“Oh! I’m so sorry! I forgot!” said Faminelli, releasing the threads around Dagalin. Dagalin took a minute to get her bladder under control. “W-Where should I grab you then?”

“Under the shoulders should work.” said Dagalin.

“Um… I don’t think that’s gonna work.” said Faminelli.

“Why not?” asked Dagalin.

“You see, I could lift you easily with one strand around your belly.” said Faminelli, talking with her hands as well with various gestures to illustrate what she was talking about. “But if I lift you with a strand under each shoulder, I won’t have as much thread, so I can only lift you half as high. Plus, I won’t have much thread left over to anchor Threaddy to myself or to support the both of us. We’ll be a giant teetering tower. I can maybe get us there, but…” Faminelli nervously pulled her jacket over her somewhat exposed breasts.

Dagalin crouched down to her. “I think it will be okay.” She pointed to the house. “Look, where we’re gonna lift up from is in the shadows, so nobody should be able to see you.”

“You’re sure?”

“I’m positive.” Dagalin said with a smile and thumbs up.

Faminelli sighed. “Okay, let’s hurry.”

The two quickly moved right under the window. “Okay, let me psyche myself up first.” Dagalin wriggled her arms a bit and crossed her legs. She then pressed down on her crotch as she could. After a moment, she let go. The pressure from her desperation was temporarily replaced with numbness. “Ready.”

Faminelli nodded. Her jacket unweaved itself and two large strands wrapped themselves right under Dagalin’s shoulders. Four other smaller ones shot back against the ground, giving Faminelli a few extra “legs” to balance on. She slowly lifted up Dagalin to the window, slightly wiggling trying to keep her balance. Dagalin reached up to the lock as she rose, but she stopped just before she could reach it.

“Elli! I can’t reach it!” she said in a loud whisper.

“I know!” said Faminelli in the same tone, “But… I’m almost out.” Her jacket sleeves were tiny and the hem rose all the way up to just over her nipple, leaving the bottom of her breasts exposed.

“I just need a little more!” said Dagalin. “I can almost reach it. Come on Elli! Just for a little bit!”

“Okay!” said Faminelli. Her face went red realizing what she had to do. She pushed her jacket even further. The hem rose up again, fully exposing her breasts to the cold night air. She felt her nipples hardened, making her whimper in embarrassment.

“That’s good!” said Dagalin. The jacket now only covered Faminelli collarbones and the top of her shoulders. Dagalin reached forward and inspected the lock. “It’s a freakin’ bolt!” she said, trying to undo it.

“I know! Sorry, I forgot to tell you. Just try and unscrew it with your hand, it shouldn’t be that tight.”

Daglin’s hand spinning the bolt like a top. “It may not be tight but it sure is long.” she mumbled to herself. She toiled for about ten seconds when a cold gust of wind blew through the street. Faminelli shivered a bit, but did her best to maintain her balance. Dagalin however, had the cold shoot straight to her bladder. She crossed her legs tightly up in the air and attempted to hold her crotch. But she realized she couldn’t reach her own crotch. Being raised by the shoulders raised her arms just out of reach of her pee hole.

“Shit shit!” she said under her breath. No matter how much she tried, her hands could only stretch so far. She could feel her pee snaking its way down her pee hole. She grit her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut. Her legs were so tight it looked like she was doing a cannonball. But she was still confident. She could feel the wave dying down and her pee receding back into her bladder.

That was when the loud roar of a distant crowd startled Faminelli a bit, making her momentarily lose balance. This in turn, shook Dagalin, startling her slightly as well. She gasped as a tiny jet of pee escaped and flowed straight onto her suit. “Stop stop!” she cried to herself, trying to push out the pee that had broken through her defenses. Despite her efforts, a bit more pushed its way out, enlarging the wet spot on her suit. Even more so, a couple drops fell down, landing directly in Faminellis face.

It was nothing more than a splash, but some got in her eyes. Faminelli grunted and instinctively moved her hands to wipe it away. This caused Dagalin to get shaken even more. “Elli! Stop please!” she said, desperately trying to hold back the flood. Faminelli froze

“Dagalin? I can’t see, I think some water got in my eyes.” she said.

“That’s not water, Elli. I’m sorry, but its getting really bad up here. I’m about to lose it!” said Dagalin.

Faminelli grimaced. “Ewwww…You peed on my face?”

“I’ll make it up to you later!” said Dagalin. “Just try and listen. We’re a bit off the window now. Can you move right?”

“I’ll try.” Faminelli shifted Dagalin right.

“Now up.” Dagalin rose up a bit. “Yes, perfect.” Dagalin could still feel her pee rightoutside her pee hole. She breathed through her teeth and she rapidly twisted the bolt open. Eventually, the bolt flew off and fell to the ground. Dagalin through the screw down and swung the window open. “Okay, now let me in! Hurry!” Faminelli unweaved the straps around Dagalin and she reached out for the window, pulling herself up. Another spurt of pee escaped as she raised her leg to swing herself inside. She tumbled inside, holding her crotch as hard as she could between her raised knees while rolling on the ground. Faminelli gripped the windowsill with her jacket and hoisted herself in the room.

“Dagalin, are you okay?!” she asked, her eyes still closed.

Dagalin felt another bead of pee escape her pee hole. “I’m falling apart over here! Please, you have to hurry!”

“I’ll try!” said Faminelli. She walked quickly over to a workbench and grabbed a towel on a rack. She quickly wiped her face clean and moved to a lamp, twisting the pedestal under the lampshade so that the jewels aligned with the sigils below them, filling the room with golden light. She saw Dagalin on the floor, lying on her knees with both of her hands clutching her crotch. Her breathing was sharp as she put in her full effort into holding in her pee.

“Elli! Please!” she said, noticing Faminelli staring.

“Right! Sorry!” Faminelli swept her work desk of various knick knacks. She took a tiny trinket and had her threads shape it into a vaguely zipper shape. “Let try this.” She moved towards Dagalin and tried to apply it to the band, but it was proving difficult with her position. “Can you stand up?”

“I-I can try.” Dagalin raised one foot and then the other, being extremely cautious with her movements. Eventually, she shakily stood up on both feet, still bent over trying to hold it in. “Does this work?”

“Still a bit awkward, but I’ll try.” Faminelli tried to apply the zipper, but it just wasn’t fitting. “Damn it!” she said, with a hint of frustration.

“What’s up?” said Dagalin, raising her leg up as another wave of desperation rushed through her body.

“It isn’t working. I said I didn’t know how to do zippers! And it's so much worse when I’m under pressure!” she said, walking over to her desk.

“It’s okay. I can wait a bit longer.” said Dagalin in an encouraging voice. However, another jet of pee spurted out. Since she leaked so badly, she couldn’t get her pee to go back inside her bladder, forcing her to hold it directly at the end of her pee hole. She tried to keep her plight silent so that Faminelli could work. A few new streaks of pee snaked their way down Dagalin’s suit legs.

After another minute or two, Faminelli raised the zipper piece up to the lamp. “Maybe this.” she said in a quiet, more focused voice. She swung over to Dagalin and carefully aligned the piece with the band once more. This time, it snapped on. Faminelli pulled, but it wouldn’t come down. “Come on!” she said with a frustrated voice, trying a couple more times to no avail.

“I-I believe in you, Elli. Just… hah! Keep trying!” said Dagalin. Faminelli was starting to panic. She gave Dagalin a quick glance, noticing that drops of pee were starting to patter on the floor.

“One last resort.” she said. She tossed the piece into the garbage pail and swung her closet open. She sifted through many coats, shirts, and pants until she finally found the one she was looking for. Leather pants with a golden zipper. She used her threads to break the zipper piece off the band and brought it over to Dagalin. “Hopefully this works!” Faminelli then put the zipper piece of the band and pulled down, unzipping Dagalins suit like butter.

Dagalin smiled excitedly. “Yes!” She quickly maneuvered herself out of her suit, peeling it off her body in record time and kicked it and her cloak to the corner.

Faminelli’s face flushed red and she quickly looked away with her hands out. “Dagalin! You’re stripping right now?!”

“Yes right now! I’m about to pee all over your floor!” she said, feeling a tiny bit pool up in her cupped hands, “Please, bathroom! Where?!”

“Uh uh! Out the door, left, first door on the right.” Faminelli said quickly, still refusing to look at her.

“Thanks!” said Dagalin, shooting for the door.

“W-Wait! Be careful!”

“I know.” she said, cracking the door open just a bit to peek into the hall. After seeing that nobody was there, she dipped into the hall and shut the door behind her. Left, then the first door on the right. Yes! She made it! But something was wrong. She heard the worst noise she could hear right now. The shower was on and someone was humming a song inside. The noise of the stream made Dagalin double over, clutching her crotch as hard as she possibly could. “Come on, Elli! I thought you said they were having dinner!” she said in a frustrated whisper. She gave a sharp whimper as another jet of pee shot directly into her hands. She twisted her body so tightly, her back popped. Nothing was starting to work anymore.

“Why are you naked?” asked someone.

Dagalin gasped and turned to see a little girl no older than the age of 4 looking at her curiously licking a lollipop. “N-Nothing!” she said in a panic.

“Do you have to pee?” the little girl asked.

“Uh… yes! D-Do you know who's in the bathroom, I don’t think I can hold it any longer!” She asked, dancing in place while also doing her best to face all her private parts away from the child.

“Mommy says that adults don’t pee themselves.” said the child, twisting her torso from side to side.

“Stinkin’ kid.” Dagalin said under her breath. “Please answer the question!”

“My sister Starvi is in there taking a shower. She always takes at least 30 mimits.” said the child.

Dagalin’s heart dropped. “30 minutes?! Do you know how she was in there for?”

The child shrugged. “I unno…”

Dagalin gave a desperate smile. “Well… I’m just gonna walk this way.” Said Dagalin, walking down the hall and opening Faminelli’s door. Every other step, pee leaked out and gushed out of her fingers, leaving a trial of pee drops behind her.

“Mommy also said that we’re not allowed in there.” said the child.

“Sorry! Don’t care!” said Dagalin quickly before shutting the door.

“Well that was fast.” said Faminelli, using a towel to wipe Dagalin’s previous pee off the floor. .

“That’s because I couldn’t go at all! There’s someone in the shower!” said Dagalin, leaning against the door. She raised her leg and held on for dear life. The veil between holding it and losing it was becoming paper thin.

“Starvi! Of course! She always takes a shower at this time and takes forever too!” said Faminelli, smacking her forehead.

“Do you know how long it will take?” asked Dagalin.

“Um… I think another 15 minutes?”

Dagalin leaked again, splattering more pee on the floor. “I don’t have 15 minutes!”

Faminelli thought fast. She used her towel to wipe up the pee right under Dagalin’s feet then gave it to her. “Use this! Pee into it a little if you have too until I find something out.”

Dagalin scrunched up the towel against her crotch as best she could. She crossed her legs, pushed in the towel as hard as she could, and bent over desperately. “I unh! Don’t even think I have 10 seconds!”

“What?! No come on, hold it!”

“I can’t I CAN’T!” Dagalin’s floodgates opened. Pee burst out of her pee hole, soaking the top of the towel instantly. Her pee splashed against it aggressively, pooling up before the towel could even absorb it. Dagalin sighed in relief and defeat as she let loose, fully giving in and pouring the contents of her bladder into the towel.

“Dagalin! I don’t think the towel will absorb all your pee!” said Faminelli.

“I can’t though… it’s too late.” said Dagalin, her voice exhausted.

“Hungra? What are you doing upstairs?” asked a woman behind the door.

Faminelli gasped. “That’s mom! She’ll actually kill me if she sees that I brought someone over! You need to hide!”

“Where?!” asked Dagalin, still peeing in the towel.

Faminelli took Dagalin by the shoulder and pushed her in front of the closet. “In here should work. Get in!”

“W-Wait!” protested Dagalin, but Faminelli used her jacket to push Dagalin inside, quickly shutting the door in front of her.

“Why is Faminelli’s light on? I told you guys not to go into each other's rooms!” said Faminelli’s mom. Feminelli gasped and ran over to turn her lamp off, just as her mother swung the door open. “Oh ho ho ho ho!” said the mother, pointing at Faminelli tauntingly. “I knew it. I freakin’ knew it! You couldn’t last a day out there without me!”

Faminelli gave a cold sigh. “Hey… mom.”

Dagalin listened intently from inside. Her pee slowed down to a trickle before stopping completely. Her lower half was now absolutely drenched in pee, thanks to the towel and the small sopping puddle formed from it. She sighed as she moved her soaking wet towel off to the side, wondering what was going on.

“What did I tell you! The real world is dangerous! You’d never make it more than a mile outside of city limits!” the mother continued.

“But I found some friends, mom! They were heading here first though through the dragonback mountains, so I wanted to help them here before going-”

The mother waved Faminelli off. “Save me the sob story! I won’t believe a word of it!”

Dagalin grit her teeth in anger. She couldn’t believe the audacity of this bitch! She would personally give her a piece of her mind if she wasn’t in such a sorry state. Dagalin couldn’t even take herself seriously if she confronted the mother buck naked and covered in piss, that’ll sure give a good first impression. Though, she still did feel bad that she was making Faminelli face this alone.

“Look at you. You look awful. Were you crying? Are you hurt anywhere?” asked the mother, reaching out her hand.

Faminelli pushed her hand away. “I’m fine mom.”

“Good. You avoided any encounter that gave you even the slightest amount of danger.” The mother then strolled over to the window. “You been eating well at least?”

“Well enough.”

The mother sighed. “You know why I worry, Faminelli? It’s because the adventuring schtick isn’t financially stable. By the time you’re ready to settle down, you’ll have no money, your bones will be brittle, and no one will help you. So you know what I think?” The mother turned around and looked Faminelli straight in the eye. “Give this up. Get a REAL job in the city. Marry a nice man, live a quiet peaceful life. You don’t need to see the world to be happy.”

Faminelli scoffed and stepped up to her mother. “I’m just here to pick up some tools. Once I’m done here, I’m gonna go back and help my friends.”

The mother snickered. “Your friends? And you’re gonna do it with that dying craft?”

“Armor smithing.” corrected Faminelli in an annoyed tone.

“The dark lord is dead, Faminelli!” said the mother loudly. “No one needs an armorsmith anymore! All the monsters are pretty much nonexistent anymore and the royal military has pretty much taken care of all the bandits. Who would you even sell to? You can’t make money on this, especially when there are already legendary armor smiths still alive. Even they are struggling to get by.” Faminelli backed away, looking away on the verge of tears. “Give this up, find something real to do with your life. Or you’ll end up like this.” said the mother, gesturing to herself. She then walked straight past Faminelli and stood outside the doorway. “You’ll stay here until you finally come to the right decision.”

Faminelli gasped. “Wait-!” she said as she reached out, but the mother snapped her fingers and the door slammed shut. Faminelli turned around and saw the widow shut as well. Both of the exits had the head of a monster jut out from the center of them before covering them in energy barriers.

“And put on a shirt for god's sake!” said the mother outside the door. “People will think you’re a whore looking like that!” She then walked down the hall, her demanding footsteps going away.

Faminelli groaned loudly in frustration and kicked her garbage pail hard, knocking against the wall before sitting on her bed and shoving her face into her hands.

After a moment, Dagalin emerged from the closet. She walked slowly over to Faminelli, grabbing a fresh towel on the way and used it to sit down next to her. “So… do you wanna talk about that?”

Faminelli sniffled and wiped the tears out of her eyes. “She’s such a jerk! Why can’t I be who I want to be?”

Dagalin then hugged Faminelli’s head tenderly. “Shhh, it’s okay.” Faminelli sobbed a bit before wrapping her own arms around Dagalin. “I know that feeling well.”

“You do?” asked Faminelli.

“Yeah. You could say I ran away from home too.” said Dagalin, “I was part of a big big family with dozens of members. And one day they… wanted me to do something I didn’t want to do. So I skipped town. Ended up past the mountains in a trade town. That was until I received a letter from my father saying he may forgive me for what I’ve done and has considered letting me pursue my way of life, but I had to see him one last time before he makes a decision.”

“Does he ‘worry’ too?” asked Faminelli, her voice cracking.

“In a way. But despite that, I know he loves me and I love him just as much. I owe him everything. It's just that he knows some things and he doesn’t know others. I know what I’m capable of and I want to capitalize on it, with or without him.”

Faminelli looked up at Dagalin. “So what are you gonna do? Now that you’re here…”

“I’m gonna go my own way, despite whatever decision he chooses. And hopefully, I can show everyone that I’m more than just who I was. Like I did with Meliay.”

“Who you were?” asked Faminelli.

Dagalin let go of Faminelli and scratched the back of her head. “Oh… oops. That’s uh… its own can of worms. What about you though? What will you do?”

Faminelli sighed and looked up to the ceiling. “I don’t know. I’m sure mom loves me too, it's just hard to tell these days. The thing is, she always pushes us to be better than her. But I’m already nothing like her. I have my own aspirations and dreams. Dreams that can’t be fulfilled in this city. And who cares if I don’t know what I do will bring me happiness. The important thing is that I try. So yeah, as soon as I’m able, I’ll sneak out again. This time I won’t come back until Mom sees how much of a success I’ve become.”

“Yeah!” said Dagalin, high-fiving with Faminelli. The two sat side by side for a minute, contemplating as to what they should do next. Dagalin sighed, “You know what? I’m so freakin’ horny right now.”

“HUH?!” exclaimed Faminelli, nearly flying off her bed. Her face was as red as hot iron. “Why would you tell me that?!”

“I think in my time away, I’ve become… ‘obsessed’ with the act of holding pee. From discovering Varnspydir powder to what Me, Tyria, and Meliay have been through, I don’t think any of us have made it to a bathroom our entire journey. It’s funny to think about that, and even funnier when it seems like they never made it ever since I was introduced to the group. Now I’m all kinds of ‘frustrated’.”

Faminelli smiled and chuckled a bit. “That’s gross.”

“I know right?! But if you think about it, since when has anything sexual ever not been gross?”

Faminelli laughed. “You’re a menace, Linda.”

Dagalin looked at her confused. “Linda?”

“My nickname for you. If figured I should call you one too. You gave me Elli, so I think I’ll swap the end and beginning of your name and call you Linda.”

“That’s so cool! I never would’ve thought of doing that!”

“You’re welcome, friend.”

Dagalin smiled and stood up, Faminelli still averting her gaze a bit. “Now then, how do we get out of here?”

Faminelli’s smile vanished. “We can’t. Mom put up a barrier on the exits that prevent us from leaving. And since we’re hybrid humans, we’re actually part monster, so she was able to put up the stronger version as well. Ones that humans can’t create. It was a trick that she learned from my eldest sister, who's part of the city guard.”

“Damn, thas crazy.” said Dagalin, eyeing the wall. She walked over and pressed her hand against it. She felt the boards creak and bend. “Doesn’t look like it covers the whole wall though.”

“Y-You’re not actually suggesting that we break it, do you?” asked Faminelli. “I’d hate to break the house.”

“Well, we can’t wait around either.” said Dagalin, walking back over to her suit and putting it back on. “If we wait around for your mom to come around, who knows how much time Tyria will have left. We need to help her now.”

“Tyria? What’s wrong with Tyria?” asked Faminelli.

“Oh yeah, I guess you weren’t there for most of what happened. You see, Tyria has this curse in which if she pees 10 times, she’ll die. Meliay has more details, so I’d ask her.”

“That’s awful! Who would do such a thing in such a weird way?”

“I dunno, some perverted witch I would guess.”

“Then we have to help her! We have to get out of here!” said Faminelli, standing up.

“Then I got just the thing.” Dagalin reached into her cloak and pulled out a bottle that had orange and yellow liquid, looking like a tiny lava lamp. “This little guy will eat through that wood no problem. It doesn’t like water though.” Dagalin’s expression became serious. “Now, last chance. Are you positive you want to do this? I doubt your mom will be super happy that you tore up her house. There will be no going back after this.”

Faminelli nodded. “I’m ready. If it means that I can save a life, then I have to.”

Dagalin smiled and tossed her cloak to Faminelli. “Cool. Pack as much of your stuff in here as you can and I’ll set this up.”

Faminelli went straight to work. She swept her tools into the cloak. Clothes, materials, magical items. Once that was done, she wondered if she could take even more. She put the cloak near her work tables legs, lifted it up, and held it over the cloak and dropped it it. The cloak ate it up no problem. Faminelli was astounded and looked over to Dagalin, who was still setting up her potion. She picked up the cloak and it felt the exact same. She guessed she could take a bit more.

Dagalin opened the bottle and orange gas poured out of it. She swirled it a bit and saw it turn green. While she waited, an idea came to her mind and she smiled. She walked over and reached into her cloak, pulling out a bottle of Varnspydir powder.

“What are you gonna do with that?” asked Faminelli.

“Your sister, Hungra I think her name was, told me something that I’m gonna prove her wrong about.” said Dagalin. She put a tiny amount of powder in a tiny bottle, sealed it up, took out another potion, and poured a drop on it, making it glow with light blue energy. “By the way, don’t go next to that thing, unless you wanna pee yourself twice in a day.”

“What did my sister say to you?” asked Faminelli.

“Nothin’.” said Dagalin nonchalantly. After a bit, the bottle Dagalin opened earlier glowed an even brighter green. “It’s ready, you got everything?”

“Yep, let’s go.” said Faminelli. Her room was now almost completely empty save for a metal bed frame.

“Holy shit, what didn’t you take?” asked Dagalin.

“This and that.” said Faminelli teasingly, handing Dagalin her cloak.

Dagalin smiled and held the green bottle tightly. “Ready?” Faminelli nodded. Dagalin then splashed the wall with the green ooze. The wood cracked and splintered, the ooze eating away at the wood. However, while the wall eroded away, a metal bar holding up a flower pot on the outside wall fell to the ground below, shattering loudly. “Well that’s not good…”

“Faminelli! Are you throwing a tantrum again!? Don’t make me come up there!” shouted the mom from downstairs.

“She’s gonna come up here anyway!” said Faminelli. “We should go!” She moved to jump out of the hole, but Dagalin grabbed her arm.

“Whoa, cool your jets! Unless you want your clothes to be eaten up worse than what those Stars did, I wouldn’t go anywhere near that.” said Dagalin.

“What?! But mom could get here any minute!”

“Just wait until the ooze turns black.” said Dagalin. The two waited anxiously as the footsteps approached their door. The green ooze got darker and darker. Then, right as the doorknob jiggled, the ooze went jet black. “Now!” Dagalin and Faminelli ran as fast as they could and launched themselves out of the hole in the wall. The mom opened the door, walking straight through the barrier as if nothing was there.

“Faminelli!” she yelled, looking around to see the nearly empty room. “Just what in god's name are you doing?!”

Dagalin and Faminelli landed on the ground and took off in a full sprint. “Sorry mom! Just wanted my stuff back! We’ll catch up later! Bye!” said Faminelli, escaping into the night.

“Why you-!” Suddenly, a puff of yellow powder exploded next to the mom. “What the?!” She waved it away and felt her lower body suddenly go numb. “Oh… oh! Starvi! Starvi, get out of the bathroom, now!” she yelled, scrambling back into the hall. Dagalin chuckled as she ran. The two kept running, as if on the run from the law.

###

Dagalin opened the door to the house. Slowly, she creaked it outward, walking in with Faminelli. The room was filled with snores. The two walked over to see that Tyria, Meliay, and Lance were all passed out. Tyria and Meliay took the bed while Lance was on the floor. Meliay got super comfortable with Tyria, embracing her from behind, even nuzzling her head against Tyria’s back. However Tyria was sprawled out, her hand hung off the side of the bed next to Lance’s. So close, yet so far.

“Aw, that’s cute.” said Dagalin in a whisper. “But now that I think about it, where are we gonna sleep?”

“I brought my bed, we could sleep on that.” said Faminelli.

“Oh cool. Since it's yours though, you have to reach in and pull it out. The way it works is that you have to think about what you want and simply grasp it. That’s how I store so much stuff without having to organize it.” said Dagalin.

“Really? Let me see.” said Faminelli. Dagalin took off her cloak and held it out for Faminelli to reach into. She reached in and grasped something. Slowly, she pulled out the entire twin sized bed. It unfolded onto the floor softly, somewhat covering Lance, but he seemed unbothered either way. “Here we are.” Faminelli stretched her arms high up and yawned. “My god, I never knew how tired I was today.”

“A lot happened.” said Dagalin, flopping onto the bed and letting out a great big sigh. “We got trapped in life water veins, held our pee like our lives depended on it, and escaped you mom. I’d say today’s been pretty productive.”

“Really?” asked Faminelli, flopping down next to Dagalin.

“Yeah.” The two looked into each other's eyes. Dagalin could swear she could see every detail in her orange eyes. She bit her lip, getting excited.

“Welp, goodnight,” said Faminelli, turning over to face away from Dagalin. “Sweet dreams, Linda.”

Dagalin was left astounded, to the point where she almost burst out laughing. Faminelli was too precious. Once again she would have to wallow in her own “frustration”. Oh well, she wasn’t one to be so blunt with others. She can handle it a little while longer. Or go crazy, who knows, it was exciting either way.

“Goodnight Elli.” said Dagalin, flipping over herself. She closed her eyes and exhaled slowly, letting her fatigue wash away. Until Faminelli decided to say something.

“Linda. Am I gonna be okay?” asked Faminelli.

“What do you mean?” asked Dagalin.

“Going against mom. I’ve never rebelled like that before. It’s exciting, but also scary. I don’t know what’s gonna happen after. Will she forgive me, or… disown me?”

Dagalin flipped back over and hugged Faminelli. “Who knows? But I’m confident that your mom won’t disown you. That’s just crazy talk.”

“But, she seemed pretty mad.”

“She's your mom. She never said she outright hated you. If anything, it looked like she hated herself. I’m sure she still loves you in some way. Love makes people do crazy things. When we meet again, we’ll deal with it then, together.”

Faminelli held Dagalin’s hand. “Thank you, Linda. You always seem to find a way to make me feel better.”

“Yeah, I kinda do that huh?”

“You’re surprised?”

“In a way,” said Dagalin, with a warm smile. Faminelli smiled as well and closed her eyes, letting out a tired exhale. Dagalin got more daring and hugged Faminelli even tighter, drifting off into the comfortable arms of sleep herself.

*020*2023-10-17 17:27

{{On 10/15/2023 at 12:35 PM, Lapis Lazuli said:

So I just realized something. The next time Tyria pees, are the Stars gonna come to try and turn her into lifewater because she'll die for a few seconds? is that going to be a problem every time? Am I thinking too hard about the lore?

}}

All will be revealed in due time, good sir.

Im also gonna start responding to comments because i want this thread to go to the second page already, scrolling with chapters this long is becoming a hassle.

