I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I'll Die?!

Author: Zentou

*011*2023-08-25 10:36

Chapter 4: Lifewater

The sound of squelching, crackling, and slurping ran through the walls. Tyria was struggling to breath as she felt the coarse vines push against her body. Then with one final push, Tyria popped out into open air. The ground beneath her approached fast and she flailed her arms in a panic.

“Shiet!” she yelled right before faceplanting right into a shallow puddle of water. She groaned, making bubbles come up from the puddle. She then lifted herself up and gasped. Dagalin was underneath her, smiling.

“Hey, at least take me out to dinner first.” she said jokingly. Tyria then heard another squelching noise from above. She looked and gasped.

“MOVE!” she yelled, grabbing Dagalin by the shoulders and forcing her to roll over. Tyria’s ax fell from the roof and chopped right into the ground beside them.

Dagalin, initially shocked, smiled again and laid down on Tyria as she hugged her tight. “My hero.” she said. Then just a moment later, Meliay came down butt first on Dagalin’s back, crushing her and Tyria underneath and making them both groan in pain. “Fine! I’ll stop making flirty jokes! Just stop hurting me!”

Meliay looked around and gasped. “What is this place?”

Dagalin and Tyria stood up and looked around. “Whoa.” said Tyria. The place was filled with vines. Yet it didn’t absolutely cover the walls. It weaved along the wall like a giant net. And behind them was a giant wall of light blue water, emanating a similar light to that of soft sunlight. They were stood on a tiny island with one singular tree growing in the center. A ray of sunlight poured down on its leaves seemingly out of nowhere. In front of the island was a set of stairs leading down to a lower area that was just a single strip of land leading to a tunnel. A deep lake of bubbling and fizzing water surrounded the island with wines webbing all around it, creating tiny pools.

“No way!” shouted Dagalin excitedly. She hopped her way down the stairs slightly. “Is this a Lifewater Respirator?!”

“What’s that?” asked Tyria.

“Historians say that the Ancients' world was filled with a huge mass of molten rock. But after they destroyed themselves, all of it cooled down. But once the Balkara Pools showed up, so much residual magic over thousands of years did one of the greatest miracles that people are still trying to understand to this day!” Dagalin turned around and held her hands out, gesturing to the entire room. “The planet is alive! This life water acts like blood and the vines act like veins! It contains so much life energy that it supports itself and all life on the surface with its residual warmth!”

“Then what is this place specifically?” asked Meliay. “I don’t think Lifewater veins appear this close to the surface.”

“That’s because like every other living being, this planet-sized being needs to breathe. That must be why that hole was up there on the mountain and someone built a well on top of it. So in simple terms, we’re in a giant nose.”

“Oh, gross.” said Meliay.

“But why would a nose uh… eat us?” asked Tyria.

“I… actually have no idea.” said Dagalin, “It was very un-nose like.” Dagalin turned around and ran down the stairs. “But, it’s not everyday anybody sees a place like this! Let’s go check it out!”

“Wait a minute!” said Tyria, picking up her sword and following her. “We shouldn’t get separated!”

Meliay stayed behind however, sighting something embedded in the tree. It was a stone tablet with a quote inscribed into it.

Lifewater has reinvigorated my life more than anyone could understand, and for that I am forever grateful. However, it asked for one thing in return. I accepted the cost and sacrificed my body in order to refuel the life energy gifted upon me. May any future traveler who comes across this sacred place accept this sacrifice wearily.

- Ann Kaforous

Meliay noticed that there was a shadow in the middle of a neat circle in front of the tablet. Someone was standing there when they were seemingly blasted with a huge amount of energy, leaving an imprint of how they looked with a clean outline of their body on the ground. This shadow was probably Ann. This worried her substantially. What could’ve vaporized Ann in such a way? But before she could think any further, she heard the giggles of Dagalin as the other two girls started to get pretty far away. Meliay ran to catch up with them.

“Ugh, it’s getting all humid in here.” said Tyria, tugging on her winter coat collar.

“It is warm in here, huh?” said Dagalin. She crouched down and ran her hand along the surface of the water. “So is the water. It feels as hot as a hot tub.”

“Well, I’m taking this stuff off. It looks like we won’t need it anymore.” said Tyria. She peeled her wet winter gear off, throwing them to the ground. Underneath, her regular clothes were wet too. They clinged to her body tightly, leaving very little to the imagination as it curved around her breasts and belly button. “There’s water everywhere in this place.” she said with a slight cross of her legs, “This is gonna suck.”

“Well I’m gonna make the most of it!” said Dagalin. She stepped back and jumped straight towards the water. “Cannonball!” With a big splash, Dagalin dove straight into the water. Tyria shielded her face from the splashing water.

“Hey! Is that even safe?” asked Tyria.

Dagalin peeked her head above the water. “Oh it feels so good! It just tingles in all the right places!”

“We should stop messing around.” said Meliay, approaching them. “It looks like this place was Ann’s final resting place. I’d like to leave before whatever took her shows up.”

“Come on! Take a quick dip at least! It feels so goooooooood.” said Dagalin, sinking back into the water where her words turned into bubbles.

Tyria looked at the bubbling water and sighed, taking off her sword sheath. Meliay gave a slight gasp and grabbed Tyria by the arm. “What are you doing?” she asked.

“I mean, I am a bit curious.” said Tyria.

Meliay hushed her voice. “We shouldn’t trust her anymore. When that thing attacked, I thought I lost you again.”

“Well we made it, didn’t we?” said Tyria, also hushing her voice. “And this could be the shortcut Ann mentioned. She isn’t trying to hurt us.” Tyria then held her hand to Meliay’s cheek. “Look, I’ll be okay. We’ve been on edge our entire journey. It won’t hurt to spend 10 minutes doing something fun for once. Just… try to relax okay?”

Meliay sighed. “I know how stubborn you are. I won’t stop you, but please try to hurry. Remember your predicament. Every minute will count.”

Tyria nodded. “I know. We’ll make it, we have to.” Tyria set down her sheathed sword gently beside the water and untied her shoes, putting them to the side as well. She sat off the side and slowly inserted her feet into the water. The warm fizzing tickled them slightly. Then right as Tyria lowered her knees into the water, Dagalin splashed back up from the water and gasped for air, startling the other two girls.

Dagalin coughed as she tried to speak. “Augh! Guess I lost track of time exploring down there. Hehe!”

“What was down there?” asked Meliay.

“More of the same really. More vines, more water, more light blue jelly, all in the form of tunnels.”

“Jelly?” asked Tyria.

“Yeah,” Dagalin pointed to the wall. “The light blue substance behind the vines on the wall is actually this super firm jelly stuff, not water.” She then smacked her lips. “Now that I think about it, I don't think I’ve had a drink since we left town. I’m sure this stuff is clean enough.”

“Really? With all your sweat in it?” said Meliay.

“It’s a giant lake of water, Meli! No way a couple drops would sour it that much.” Dagalin then raised her cupped hands out of the water and drank from them. Her smile slowly faded as she looked at the water in her hands.

Tyria grew concerned. “Dagalin? Are you okay?”

Dagalin shook her head as if she was coming out of trance. “No! No, it’s just… the taste left me feeling… nostalgic. It tasted just like a soup I had as a kid, a sediment sand crab soup to be specific. I had my first one from… someone important to me.”

“Really?” asked Tyria, cupping her own hands and taking a sip of the water. But shortly after taking that sip, she immediately spit it back out, right on Dagalin’s face.

Dagalin grimaced, squeezing her eyes shut. “Ah! Why though?!” she said, sinking back below the water.

Meliay held Tyria by the shoulders as she coughed out more water. “Tyria! Are you okay?!”

Tyria wiped her mouth. “Y-Yeah! It was just hella salty!”

Dagalin rose back up from the water. “Salty? What?”

“Yeah. But I recognize it. It was the mashed potatoes that Lance gave me when I was still a secret at his house. He couldn’t get any leftovers from dinner to feed me. So when his parents went to bed, he made me some mashed potatoes because he thought it was easy. It came out chunky, somehow crispy, and salty as all hell. But for some reason, I couldn’t bring myself to hate it. It was the first meal I got in a long time that was made just for me. It… meant a lot.” Meliay frowned at this statement.

“Does that mean you forced yourself to scarf it down in order to seem nice?” asked Dagalin.

“No! I told him how bad it was to his face.” Tyria said with a smug smile. “Though, I did scarf it down in front of him, so he had a hard time believing me. I was a growing girl and I was hungry as all hell.”

“You definitely were a growing girl.” said Dagalin, reaching over to Tyria’s breasts.

“Stop that.” said Tyria, smacking Dagalin’s hand away.

“Party pooper.” said Dagalin. Suddenly however, she felt a rush of adrenaline flow through her body. Her body glowed blue and her hair started to flow as if suspended in water.

Meliay gasped. “Tyria! Get back!” she said, grabbing her arm.

Tyria however, forcefully pulled it back. “Stop it! It’s probably fine.”

“Yeah!” said Dagalin, her voice now with a slight echo. “I’m still me. But I feel so much better!” Dagalin immediately launched herself right out of the water like a jet, startling the other girls. She landed back on the island in the center of the room, jumping around excitedly. “I feel like I can do anything!” she yelled. She jumped high and landed on the outerwall of the room, quickly wallrunning straight ahead while spreading her arms out like a bird. She giggled to herself as she kept going. But suddenly, her aura flickered and then disappeared. Dagalin slowed down substantially and slipped off the wall, splatting onto the water below.

Tyria stood up in shock. “Dagalin! Are you okay!?”

Dagalin came back up and gasped for air. Her skin was red as it stung from the impact from the water. “I’m good!” she said, raising a thumbs up in the air. “I think the effect just wore off!”

“You mean the water did that?” asked Meliay.

“What else? My potions can’t do that.” said Dagalin, swimming back.

“Then, if we take some of this water for ourselves, we can have superpower potions?” asked Tyria.

Dagalin rested her arms on the ground next to Tyria. “Seems like it. I bottle some up right now.” She reached into her cloak and knocked a bunch of empty mason jars out of it, all of them floating up into the surface.

“Are you sure?” asked Meliay. “You yourself said that having this much magic affect you comes with a sacrifice. What are we sacrificing this time?”

Dagaline shrugged. “I unno.”

“Then we shouldn’t be drinking this! We could be giving up years of our lives with this stuff!”

“I disagree.” said Tyria. “As much as I would like to live as long as possible, it won’t matter if we run into a complication. Like, what if we get kidnapped or get our stuff stolen again? We’ll want to use those potions to deal with those issues as soon as possible.”

“But… Tyria.”

“Either decision is a risk at this point. And I’d rather take the potions for multiple scenarios than not take them to avoid 1.”

“Besides, I don’t feel anything yet.” said Dagalin. “Granted, I only drank a tiny bit so maybe I didn’t sacrifice that much. And also, why would a pool of pure life energy take away your life? It just doesn’t sound logical.”

Meliay grabbed her head in frustration. “You two, I swear to god. I am actually gonna have a nervous breakdown. We keep taking so many unnecessary risks that I feel like I’m the only one holding the reins of this group. Tyria tried to run straight to the mountains without any supplies, we chased a lead to a potential shortcut that we still don’t even know for sure is a shortcut, and we want to drink miracle potions with seemingly no catch. Power always comes with a price.”

“Meliay, I get it, I truly do.” said Tyria. “But that’s just the nature of who we are. We chose to be adventurers, which in itself is a risky occupation. We all knew this. But you’ve been acting weird ever since we left Bofford Town.”

Meliay was astonished. “What?! Me acting weird?!”

“Yeah.” Tyria sunk lower into the water. “You were always the most level headed of the three of us. Even in the most perilous of situations, you kept a level head and made calculated risks, and you trusted us to execute them. Now you seem like you’re scared of everything.” Meliay looked away, her expression full of thought. Tyria looked up at her. “D-Did something happen?”

Meliay walked down the land strip towards the tunnel. “Nothing. I’m gonna scout ahead and see if we can go anywhere. I’m just tired of really weird stuff happening.”

Dagalin then heard a bubbling come up from beside her, much more prominent than the fizzing happening all around them. She pointed towards it. “Does that count as something weird?” Everyone else turned to see a bunch of green particles gathering in the water. It all culminated together into one green mass until it revealed itself to be a giant green eye with a thin narrow pupil like a cat.

Tyria quickly rose out of the water. “Ew!” she exclaimed, putting her shoes back on. Water tendrils rose out of the pool and grabbed the ground, pulling out an entire watery body. It was no more than a foot tall and had the body shape of a starfish. It noticed the girls. It seemed somewhat shy, touching its arm like tendrils together nervously before waving hi.

Tyria stuttered in confusion. “Uh… hi?” The creature cheered momentarily before walking past them. Meliay made extra sure to stay as far as she could from the creature.

“What is that thing?” asked Meliay.

“I unno.” said Dagalin with another shrug.

Meliay groaned in frustration. “Can we please just go?! This place is just giving me the creeps.”

“Is it because you’re jealous that Star is cuter than you?” said Dagalin teasingly.

Meliay slammed the end of her staff on the ground. “Shut up!”

“Did you name it already?” asked Tyria.

“Well we aren’t gonna call it ‘the monster’ or ‘the creature’, it just doesn’t fit its personality.

“You watched it for less than 10 seconds.” said Meliay with a slight growl.

Dagalin lifted herself out of the water. “And I’m sure it would like to have a name if no one gave it one.” She then bent over to pick up her jars and began filling them with the lifewater. Tyria looked ahead at the tunnel and noticed that Star was watching Dagalin closely. Once she was done, she put four in her cloak and held two more out to Tyria and Meliay. “Here you guys go. You guys shouldn’t have to wait on me if you all ever need a boost. Better you have some if you need it right away.”

Tyria took a pair of bottles and put them in her side satchel. “Oh, thanks Dagalin.”

Meliay however, held up her hand. “No thanks.” she said plainly.

Dagalin shook the lifewater jars “But what if-”

“No! I’ll make it on my own strength alone.” said Meliay, walking away towards the tunnel.

Dagalin sighed and leaned towards Tyria. “This is getting hard Tyria.” she said. “How long until she became your friend?”

The two followed Meliay, but far enough to have a private conversation. “Well, it wasn’t from anything we did. She needed me and Lance to do something for her and we became friends after that. That was about a week later.”

“Man, one way or another, this journey is gonna be over by the end of next week.” said Dagalin. “I hope Meliay will loosen up soon.”

“I hope so too.”

The girls made their way to the tunnel. But somehow, Star made it there first and was waiting for them at the entrance. Tyria waved bye. “Bye Star, but we have to get going now.” But instead of letting her pass through, Star got in the way and ushered her back to the room. Meliay walked by without any issue. “Uh, Star? I have to pass. I don’t wanna step on you.” Star shook its head and continued to usher her back into the room.

Dagalin took this opportunity to try and sneak past. “Excuse me.” she said in a sneaky voice. But Star zipped right in front of her and blocked her too.

“Star, stop blocking them.” said Meliay. “We have places to be.” Star shook its head and continued to block them.

“I know we must be the first people you’ve seen in a long time.” said Dagalin. “But we can make time to be friends later.” She then tried to juke Star, but it matched her every move to the tee. “We, really, need, to, get, through!” Dagalin breathed hard and wiped her chin. “Okay, persistent aren’t you? How about this, Tyria? We go at the same time, it can't be at two places at once.”

“Sounds good.” said Tyria. “1, 2, 3, go!” Both Tyria and Dagalin both rushed ahead. But in an instant, Star stretched its body along the outer walls of the tunnel, beginning and elastic water barrier. Dagalin and Tyria both crashed into it and bounced back into the room, splashing into the water. Star seemingly laughed at their misfortune, but then Meliay brought out her spearhead.

“Isa!” The tip of the spear grew ice cold and she drove it straight through the middle of Star’s body. It gasped and its whole body writhed as its body became ice. “We don’t have time for this. This is bigger than you.” The whole body became ice and Meliay slammed her staff through it, shattering it to pieces.

Tyria and Dagalin surfaced and gasped for air. “Okay, that was rude.” said Dagalin. The two of them swam back to shore. Meliay met them in the middle. “Now, how are we gonna get past him.”

“I had that handled already.” said Meliay. “I froze it and shattered it to pieces.”

“Well that’s mean!” said Dagalin. The girls walked back inside the tunnel.

“We don’t have time for this. I did what I had to in order to get out of here.”

Just then, huge water tendrils reached around each of their waists, clutching them tightly. Before they could say anything, they were all flung far out of the tunnel and they all crashed onto the stairs. They all scrambled to their feet and saw something forming on the path. A huge glob of lifewater gathered and rose high above them. A giant eye reformed in the center of it and it turned into a giant version of Star. It roared into the air, brandishing its huge white teeth with the size and jaggedness of rocks.

“I think you pissed it off, Meliay!” said Dagalin. Meliay grit her teeth and grunted angrily. Star began to approach them, each step it took shaking the whole room. The girls back their way up towards the island. “What’s the plan, Meli? Isn’t this your thing?”

“Hold on! I’m thinking!” said Meliay, gripping her staff hard while pointing it at Star. But as it approached, the less ground the girls had to back into. Dagalin was the first to almost tip over the edge. She wiggled and waved her arms, trying to get her balance back. A single pebble fell into the water below, its splash echoing within the room. Just then Dagalin got an idea.

She smacked her own head. “Oh duh! Why didn’t we think of this sooner?” She backflipped off the island and dove straight into the water.

“Dagalin!” called Tyria, reaching her hand out.

But almost immediately after, Dagalin launched straight out of the water. “We’re in a room full of super juice! Use it!” She landed right in front of the other girls and blasted off down the stairs, sliding right under Star’s arm as it tried to slam it down on her. She then jumped in front of the tunnel entrance, waving her hand. “3 swigs should do! Let’s meet back up inside, okay!?”

“No! We should stick together!” shouted Meliay. Star turned around and roared at Dagalin, rushing back towards her.

“Sorry! Don’t have time! I’ll get back with you guys later!” Dagalin rushed down the tunnel in a flash of blue light.

“So you’re just ditching us?!” shouted Meliay. Star crouched down and looked at the tunnel. Its new form was unable to fit in the tunnel, so it refocused on Tyria and Meliay, running back towards them.

“Shit!” said Tyria, running towards the edge of the island.

“Tyria! What are you doing?!” asked Meliay.

“Do you have a better plan?” asked Tyria with her arms out in a shrug. She then dove off the island and straight into the water.

“No! Don’t… Don’t leave me!” Meliay shouted.

Tyria splashed underwater. Everything underneath looked clear as day. But she had to act fast. She took 3 quick swigs of the life water, each refilling her with memories and salt. Her heartbeat quickened, her body felt so light, and her adrenaline gave her a huge rush. With just one kick of her leg, she shot straight out of the water like a dolphin. Meliay and Star were both surprised at this.

Tyria then jumped off the island and landed on the outer wall, running along it towards the tunnel. Star turned around again, running to stop her. But Tyria was already in the tunnel by the time it got there. Star didn’t give up, reaching far down the tunnel with a water tendril. It gained on Tyria as she ran. She saw as it prepared to wrap around her, making her brace. But then the tendril was stretched to its limit and it whipped back. Tyria gave a sigh of relief and continued to run, hoping to find Dagalin soon.

“Noo!” said Meliay. Her cry got Star’s attention, now frustrated that it had lost track of 2 of the girls. It rushed full speed towards Meliay, leaping high in the air. Meliay gasped and dove out of the way. She teetered on the edge of the island, trying to keep her balance. Star rose back up, its water tendrils creeping closer to Meliay. Anger welled up within her and she jutted her staff towards Star. “Leave me alone! Galvahoun!”

Meliay shot a spiral shot of fire and ice right into Star’s mouth. But Star ate it up like a piece of candy. The attack swirled in Star’s body before it spat it back up at Meliay, blasting her all the way across the lake, slamming her flat against the wall.

Meliay groaned in pain, slipping off the wall a bit before grabbing hold of a vine. She groaned in pain as she saw Star stand at the top of the island and eyed her down. She looked down at the lake below her. Though Dagalin’s plan was incredibly reckless, there may not be a better option at the moment. Meliay rolled her eyes and prepped to jump. But then a squelching came from the roof, spitting out a person.

“Dranamo!” shouted Lance, diving down with a red harpoon. Star looked up to get a harpoon straight to the eye. It roared in pain as Lance held onto the harpoon for dear life. Green goop spilled all over him as he rode.

“Lance?!” shouted Meliay, completely surprised.

“Hey! You miss me?! You know, after standing us up on our first big contract!?” shouted back Lance.

“But something big came up! I have to find Tyria quickly! I have to protect her!”

Lance gasped. “Tyria’s in trouble?” he said to himself. He steeled his resolve and jumped off Star’s face, revealing that his harpoon was connected to a thick wire to a claw he held in the other hand. Lance yelled as he tugged on the wire as he fell, slamming Star straight on the ground. He turned to Meliay. “Get out of here!”

“But what about you?!” asked Meliay.

“Protect Tyria!” he shouted back. Star began to stand back up and Lance jumped away, tugging his harpoon back to his hand. Meliay sighed, looking down at the lake again.

“Please please please don’t sacrifice anything bad.” she said to herself. After taking a deep breath, she leapt off the wall, crossing her arms over her chest before piercing straight through the water with her legs.

Lance looked over, seeing what she did. “Meliay? What the heck are you doing?”

Just then, Meliay leapt high out of the water and landed near the tunnel. “The water gives you a boost!” she said. “Whenever you get a chance, take 3 swigs and get out of here! I’m gonna find Tyria!”

“Yeah okay!” said Lance, sort of confused in the chaos.

Meliay nodded and ran straight through the tunnel at full speed. “I’m coming, Tyria! Just you wait!” she said. As she ran, the tunnels became darker and colder and they split into multiple branching pathways. Meliay grumbled slightly as she knew she would just have to guess where Tyria went. After deliberating a bit, she took the very next turn towards an upper level. As she did, she heard Star’s roar echo through the tunnels behind her. A small feeling of worry clouded the back of her mind, but she kept moving ahead, wanting to find Tyria first.

###

“WoooOOOoooOOO!” cheered Dagalin, running loops along the tunnel walls with her arms out like a plane. But then her blue aura flickered then dissipated while she was on the roof. “Uh oh!” She then tripped on a vine on the roof and tumbled straight down, falling face first into a small puddle of water. She groaned in pain, creating bubbles in the puddle.

She picked herself up. “I wanted to keep going. It was so fun.” She then cupped her hands in the water she fell in and took a sip. After gulping it down, she grew disappointed. “Regular water? How boring.” She flopped on her back and looked at the ceiling. It was dark, but the color of the vines and the jelly were still barely visible. The air felt stagnant, almost unnaturally so. No wind or drafts, just a complete stillness.

Dagalin felt a chill flow through her body. It was cold now, made worse by being drenched in water and another familiar feeling. She crossed her legs as her need to pee suddenly came out of nowhere. Standing back up, a sudden realization came across her mind. “Well… I think I know what I sacrificed.” Just then, a roar rumbled through the tunnel, knocking water drops off the ceiling, making it seem like a light rain was occurring inside. “Tyria! I’ve gotta find her! If she pees while that thing is lurking around, she’ll be completely defenseless!” Dagalin started running down the tunnel, making sure to run on as flat a path as possible in hopes of making her need as manageable as possible.

###

“Dagalin?!” called Tyria loudly, cupping her hands around her mouth. Her voice echoed through the tunnels, coming back several seconds later extremely faint. “Damn it. All these vines and that jelly stuff must be muffling my voice.” She kicked a puddle of water in frustration. But as the water came splashing down, it activated a sudden realization about her need.

She bent down and grabbed her crotch. “Oh my god!” she said with a slight squeal. Though her bladder felt 80% full just a couple minutes ago, it felt like her bladder got topped up in that little amount of time. There was no room left and all that there was to do was to expand. She felt her bladder against her abdomen, becoming harder by the second. “No no! Stop please!” she pleaded as her need to pee kept growing. Eventually, the growth died down. But the need was still elevated. Her bladder was still topped up and she couldn’t remove her hands without risking a leak soon after. She breathed through her teeth and sighed.

“Why now?” she asked herself. “This entire experience is gonna suck. I gotta hurry and find someone. Meliay?! Dagalin?! Anybody?!” She continued to call. Her steps were shaky and small. She continued on with one hand on her crotch between her semi-crossed legs and the other along the wall supporting her weight.

###

Meliay slid to a halt as her blue aura dissipated. She gave a quick look around the tunnel. “Great, everything that looked the same before now looks the same but darker!” She slammed the end of her staff on the ground in frustration. The shock sent a chill through her body which all culminated in a realization. She subtly squeezed her legs together as she felt the indicator of a need to pee.

“Ugh! I don’t have time for this!” she said. “Tyria! Tyria, where are you!?” Her voice echoed slightly down the tunnel. Frustrated, she aggressively walked ahead, her boots splashing harshly against the water puddles. But as she walked, a sudden sound became apparent to her. The trickling of water came from behind. She turned around and pointed her staff in that direction, lighting up its head with golden light. On the floor, water began to flow towards her. At first, it was just a small stream. But then the water began to roar.

###

Dagalin and Tyria were both experiencing the same thing. The water level rose and began washing through their feet. The roar of the stream grew stronger and the water level grew rapidly. They all realized what was coming next.

“Oh crap!” They all said in unison, unknowingly. A huge wave of water rushed through the tunnel. Immediately, all 3 girls were hip deep in rushing water. They were all easily washed away, struggling to keep their heads afloat. Soon, the water rose all the way to the ceiling. All of them swirled around in the water, each clawing at whatever they could hold onto.

###

However, Tyria was in a bigger predicament. She couldn’t spend too much time trying to find something to hold on to as she had to focus on holding her crotch. Her full bladder felt like a ball bouncing around in a box with every twist and turn the water brought her through. She even occasionally bounced against the wall, hurting her immensely and making her control slip away. Then suddenly, one bounce against her lower spine knocked the wind out of her. The bubbles of her breath quickly dispersed in the stream. Tyria started to panic. She couldn’t keep herself safe, hold her breath, or hold her pee all at the same time. It was all too much.

The first to give out was her breath. She felt as her diaphragm began to contract, hoping to suck in some air. Tyria tried with all her might to keep her mouth closed, but she could feel her body failing. Then just as hope seemed lost, something tackled her in the water and held her tightly. She was shocked and saw the silhouette of a person. The person then stabbed the wall, halting both of them in place. The sudden stop forced a spurt of pee out of her bladder. She used the last of her strength to hold her pee in. The water tugged overwhelmingly all over her body. Then, she felt the water lowering above her head.

“I got’cha! I got’cha!” said a familiar voice. The water lowered and its pull softened until it was nothing but a trickle beneath their feet. The person let go and dropped them both on the ground. Tyria coughed and wheezed trying to catch her breath. “Tyria! Are you okay?!” said the person. They immediately grabbed Tyria’s shoulders and flipped her around, revealing the person to be Lance.

Tyria’s eyes widened. “Lance…?! *cough* *cough*!”

He held his head in a panic. “Um! I don’t know how to do CPR! I think I’ll just-” He put his hands over Tyria’s sternum.

“No! I don’t- *cough*!” said Tyria. But Lance pressed down hard, making her convulse. But even more pressingly, made her spurt out some pee. Lance pressed down two more times and made Tyria spurt both times as well. Then in an act of more than one desperation, she pulled out her sword and jutted it at Lance as a metallic hand, palming him right off her body.

Lance fell a ways away from here and rolled around in pain while holding his face. “OW! What the hell was that for?!”

“I’m not unconscious, dumbass! I don’t need CPR!” said Tyria. She then groaned and flopped back down on her back. She held her crotch tightly, feeling her control come back as she squeezed the residual pee in her urethra back into her bladder.

“Well nice to see you too.” said Lance. He then sat up. “Speaking of which. Why are you out here?! What even is here?! We’ve been talking about a big contract ever since we formed our group! So why did you leave!?”

“It’s complicated, okay!” shouted Tyria, throwing her hands up in the air frustratedly.

“Do elaborate! Because I had to face the commander of that royal caravan alone, telling him that my teammates aren’t going to show up after insisting for 2 hours after the planned meet up time! Then I had to ask all around town to see where you guys had disappeared! That’s 50 Lyobie that I had to bribe a gate guard with gone! Then after that I had to guess where you’d gone! GUESS! Thank god I got it first try! I had to talk to this guy in town who said he met you the day before, but he wouldn’t stop drooling over Meliay! So by the time he told me which direction you’ve gone, I had to haul ass all the way here, only to see you guys get eaten by a monster well! Then I stabbed this starfish thing’s eye, which made it flush everything here with water! Then as I think I’m about to die, guess who I see sloshing around in the water holding their crotch like she’s a little kid that has to pee! I’m really about to flip after having to remember everything. So please, say something!”

“Well if you’d let me speak, I’ll tell you!” shouted Tyria. “First of all-!”

###

Meliay swirled around the water expertly. Her staff glowed with golden energy, which illuminated her entire body. She used her levitation and the water's momentum to swim through the water stream as fast as she could. However, the farther she traveled, the more frustrated she got. Every turn and split path only exemplified the complexity of the tunnels she was searching through. Every second of searching only served to raise her anxiety. How long until Tyria ran out of air? How far can she go before she gets lost? Is there even a way out? What if the monster found her first?

All her questions came to an end when a huge hulking silhouette seemingly stood within the rushing water like it wasn’t even there. Meliay wasn’t able to react to it fast enough before she crashed straight into them. It was like hitting a brick wall. She hit the person head on, leaving her extremely dazed. The person grabbed hold of her to prevent her from getting washed away from the water. Then, the water began to descend. As it lowered, Meliay fell into the person's arms. The world began to go black. As she tried to stay conscious, she heard one phrase.

“Ah crap, she’s gonna be pissed.”

Then, the world went completely dark.

###

Dagalin swirled around the water, somewhat having fun as she rushed through the various tunnels. It was almost like a roller coaster. She felt excited with every drop and every spin and rode along the stream. But then something strange happened. She felt the water seemingly stop and she drifted through the water until she came to a forceful stop. The water had become still and she crossed her arms with a pout. Then she realized that she also had to breathe.

She looked back and forth, but both paths were completely filled with water with pockets of air. With little choice, she swam as fast as she could in a random direction. But as she swam, there was only more water. She kept going until her muscles ached, but there was no sanctuary in sight. She kept pushing on until she couldn’t push on anymore. Her breath was forced out of her in a cough. She curled up and covered her mouth, resisting the urge to inhale and cough again. She squeezed her eyes tight and whimpered, it was getting so hard. She watched as the bubbles rose to the roof and she realized something.

An orange flickering light on the roof? A fire? A person? Who cares, she needed fresh air right now! She desperately swam towards the light as fast as she could. Then, she breached above the water, immediately gasping for air. It was so relieving that she struggled to swim for a bit. She coughed and clawed at the sides of the opening. There were vines that she tried her best to reach out to, but they were just out of reach. With one last reach, her hands clawed at the vine, but slipped right off. But before she could fall back into the water, a hand grasped her wrist.

“I’ll help you! Don’t worry!” said a feminine voice. Dagalin found herself immediately yanked out of the water by this mysterious person, her body flopping on the edge of the water hole. The person fell on her butt and breathed through her teeth in pain.

Dagalin coughed out a bit of water. “Thanks, mystery person.”

“You're welcome, other mysterious person.” said the person. They then sighed and sat straight up with her legs crossed. Dagalin eyed her up and down.

She had bright brown hair that poofed out to just below her ears. Her skin was a little bit lighter than Dagalin’s and her eyes were as orange as the fruit. She wore a light blue, long sleeve, unzipped, jean jacket that went down to just above her waist. The inside of the jacket had cream colored fur, puffing out slightly at the end of the sleeves, the bottom of the jacket, and the collar. She also wore nothing but white wraps around her breasts under her jacket, tight fitting chocolate brown short-shorts, and black leather boots. However, there was one more aspect that Dagalin noticed.

“Whoa! You have cat ears and a tail!” Dagalin said, crawling over with a curious look.

The girl scooted back nervously, folding her cat ears into her hair and hiding her tail, both being the same color as her hair and the tail being tipped with bright white fur. “I-It’s not that interesting, is it?”

“I think it’s so cool! Hybrid Humans are quite rare!” said Dagalin with a smile.

“You think I’m cool?” said the girl, blushing slightly.

“Yeah! Super cool!” Dagalin then gasped and leaned away, sitting on her knees. “Oh! Where are my manners? I’m Dagalin Kistral! Nice to meet you!” she said, sticking her hand out.

The girl hesitantly shook it. “Faminelli Forcster. Um… likewise.”

Dagalin then leaned back, holding her body up with her arms. “So… what’s a girl like you doing around here?”

Faminelli held her hands together. “Um… it’s a bit embarrassing really.”

“Go on. We all make mistakes in our journey.” Dagalin then held the back of her hand over her mouth as if to hide what she was saying. “And lemme tell you, just yesterday I’ve met some quite lively characters. One is a bit more stubborn than the other, but I’m sure she’ll stop being a pain eventually.”

Faminelli chuckled a bit. “Well, if you must know. I left town to become an explorer. My family weren’t… the best supporters. What’s the point of exploring the world if the entire world has already been explored, they said. But I wanted to see the world for myself. You know what I’m saying, right? It’s just so much better to see the world with your own 2 eyes than on a map.”

“Oh? Are you one of those spiritual types?”

“Yes and no, in a way. But, having started my first journey yesterday, you can see it hasn't really… gone well.” Faminelli said, gesturing around the short room.

“Why? You don’t seem to be doing so bad.”

Faminelli grew nervous again. “The thing is, I haven’t been able to leave this room because… I can’t exactly swim.”

Dagalin’s jaw dropped. “You’re kidding! Then how did you get in here?”

“I saw the opening before the water filled up that tunnel. So I hopped in. But now I can’t get out, and it hasn’t lowered since. I set up camp over there.” Feminelli gestured to the corner where her huge backpack was leaning against the wall and a small pitiful fire made of various flaming books. “To be honest… I-I think… I’m gonna die in here.” Faminelli’s voice cracked and tears began to well up in her eyes.

Dagalin was a bit surprised. “Whoa whoa! It’s gonna be okay!” She held Faminelli’s hands comfortingly. “I’m gonna get you out of here.”

“Y-You will?” Faminelli said with a sniffle.

“I can swim so, yeah! I think we have a pretty good chance. Plus, my friends are around her somewhere. I’m sure they’ll be willing to help us too.”

“Okay, if you really think so, then I’ll put my faith in you.” said Faminelli.

Dagalin nodded confidently and stood up facing the water hole, but then the weight of her bladder pushed down on her pee hole. She crossed her legs quickly and sighed. “Oh, but before I go in, how comfortable are you with me taking off my clothes?”

Faminelli blushed fiercely and looked away. “W-Well, if you really need to in order to s-swim comfortably, w-why should I stop you?”

“Actually no.” Dagalin unzipped her suit and squatted in the corner far from Faminelli. “I really have to pee and I've been holding it for a bit. So I’ll just do it here so I can be comfortable while swimming.”

Faminelli then gasped and held her hands out desperately. “No! Don’t! Stop!”

Dagalin had already stripped half her suit off and her pee hole had already relaxed. She dropped her suit and quickly grabbed her crotch, keeping her pee at bay. After getting it under control, she chuckled a bit. “Yeah you're right, I should just pee in the water. I shouldn't leave you with a puddle of pee while you wait.”

“No! Don’t pee! Ever! Not anywhere here!” Faminelli said with a bit of a panicked voice.

Dagalin turned around bare-chested, flushing Faminelli’s face with another blush as she turned away again. “Huh? Care to elaborate?”

“T-There’s a being in these tunnels. It acts as a caretaker or m-more like a white blood cell! If we pee, it will detect it and try to clean it up! Then after that, it will see us and try to kill us… maybe!”

Dagalin tilted her head in curiosity. “Wait, this wouldn't happen to be some kind of watery, starfish lookin’ dude would it? Got a great big green eye too?”

Faminelli looked back at Dagalin. “You’ve seen it?!” She then looked away again, remembering that Dagalin was showing herself off.

“Yeah. It got all big and fussy when we tried to leave the room we came in.”

Faminelli half peeked at Dagalin. “You wouldn’t happen to mean the room with the lifewater and a tree in the center, right?”

“You know about it?”

“Yes, I’ve studied the life water veins thoroughly. I was planning to use them as shortcuts through the lands if I ever needed to and… c-can you please put your suit back on already!”

Dagalin sighed with a smile. “C’mon. We’re both girls, this aint nothin’ more than locker room stuff.” She shook her chest slightly side to side. “Just look at me. The more you do, the less awkward it will feel.”

“Y-You’re okay with that?” asked Faminelli.

“O’course! I’m absolutely comfortable in my birthday suit. I think you should try to get acclimated to it too.” Dagalin said slightly teasingly.

“A-Alright.” Faminelli slowly faced Dagalin, making an extra effort to stare straight into her eyes. Dagalin smiled mischievously, knowing what she was trying to do. She pretended to yawn, stretching her arms high above her head and jutting her breasts out. Faminelli’s nerve finally broke and she looked down on Dagalin’s breasts for a brief second before she turned away again, covering her face again in embarrassment. “I’m sorry! Please forgive me!”

Dagalin reeled back in laughter. “Haha! Why are you so tense?”

“I was raised in a proper household! We never… ‘expressed ourselves’ in such a way!” said Faminelli, speaking into her hands.

“Hmm, sounds boring. At least I’m interesting, right?” Faminelli was too flustered to answer. Dagalin zipped her suit back up and squeezed her legs together subtly, feeling her need to pee slightly increase. “Alright, alright, that’s enough teasing. I think I should head out before I can’t hold it anymore.”

“You don’t have to go that bad, do you? I mean, how long do you think you’ll last?” asked Faminelli.

Dagalin pressed her crotch with her hand. “Maybe another hour or 2.”

Faminielli looked down in a sort of defeated way. “Oh, me too I think.”

“You too?” Dagalin paid extra attention. Faminelli was squeezing her legs together quite substantially. She had to pee as well. “You found out about that starfish showing up to clean up pee the last time you pee’d, didn’t you?”

“Y-Yeah. I really had to go so I squatted in a corner and did my business. But then that thing showed up, berating me seemingly for doing what I did. I was scared, so I ran away before it could chase me. It stayed to absorb the pee into its body, possibly breaking it apart so that it was purified. Then I ran here. But all that running made me thirsty, so when the water rose, I took a couple cups worth. I drank through my bottle like 3 times. And now…” Faminelli crossed her legs. “I’m not sure how long it will be until it finds us.”

Dagalin raised her hands in the air and stretched side to side. “Then I think we should hurry. I’ll go scout ahead and look for a way out of here.”

“But I still can’t swim!” said Faminelli. “Are you gonna carry me through the water?”

Dagalin fished a potion out from her cloak. “Don’t worry, I have a potion that sort of gives you water breathing. We’ll get you out of here even if you have to run along the floor!”

Faminelli smiled. “Oh! Thank you so much Dagalin!”

Dagalin gave her a thumbs up. “No problem, Elli!”

Faminelli gasped. “Elli?”

“It’s the new nickname I’ve made up for you.” said Dagalin with a smile. “You like it?”

Faminelli held her hands near her chest endearingly. “Yes! I really do! I’ve never had a nickname before!”

“It’s cool that you like it!” said Dagalin. She backed up to the waterhole. “I’ll see ya when I see ya!” She then stepped back and fell into the water, wasting no time by swimming in a direction down the tunnel. With each breaststroke, she propelled herself far down the tunnel, swooshing through the water. After a bit, she saw a familiar light. It was daylight! She excitedly swam towards the light, but something was up. A huge blueish-white wall stood the way with the daylight shining just behind it. Dagalin was curious and put her hand up into it. She quickly recoiled back, shocked. It was ice! Was it a way back up to the mountains? How was she gonna get rid of all this ice? These were questions for later as her diaphragm spasmed, indicating that she was running out of breath. She swam back as fast as she could.

###

Faminelli jumped and Dagalin surfaced out of the waterhole, gasping for air. “Oh my god! Dagalin, are you okay?!” she asked, offering her hand.

Dagalin took it and wiped her mouth. “I’m okay! *cough* Just a bit farther than I would like.”

Hope filled Faminelli’s expression. “You found a way out?”

Dagalin scratched the back of her head. “Sort of. Do you have any explosives on you?”

“...no?”

Dagalin sighed and paced with her hands on her hips. “Damn. Then we only got one choice. I have… ‘an acquaintance’ also within the tunnels also. I know she has the power to blow up the ice wall blocking the exit. But in order to find her, I’ll need to leave you hangin’ for a while. You okay with that?”

Faminelli held Dagalin’s hands. “Yes! Do whatever you need to do! I believe in you!”

Dagalin blushed slightly. “Oh… you’re the first person to ever put their faith in me like that.”

Faminelli smiled. “And you’re the first friend I’ve made.” She stepped back and nervously turned her foot on its toes. “Hey, after this, do you wanna… you know… travel together?”

Dagalin beamed from ear to ear. “Oh! I would love to! But I have to help a friend with a curse. So we’ll have to go to Garmberland first.”

Faminelli’s ears and tail drooped. “Oh…”

“Is… that not something you wanna do?” asked Dagalin, concerned.

“It’s just that… Garmberland is my home town. So having to return so soon is… bittersweet in a way.”

Dagalin put a hand on Faminelli’s shoulder. “Hey. We’re only gonna be there for like 4-5 days, tops. We’ll leave as soon as we can afterward.”

Famineli took Dagalin’s hand off her shoulder. “Really?”

“Yeah!” Dagalin walked over to the waterhole “Now to find my friends.”

“Is it safe? Will it take a while?” asked Faminelli.

Dagalin looked back with a smile. “Don’t worry. As long as no one takes a piss, everything should be A okay!”

###

A stream of pee petered to a stop. “So this witch that you kicked out of town cursed you to die after you pee 10 times?” said Lance, zipping up his pants.

Tyria fidgeted in place, crossing her legs with one hand on her crotch. “Did you have to pee right in front of me?!” Tyria sighed. “ And that was exactly what I said… yes.”

“Really?” said Lance, opening his arms out. “And how do you expect me to believe that?”

“Well for one, Meliay believes me.”

“That’s the only thing you have! You and I both know Meliay would never believe such a thing if it wasn’t real! But… it’s just so out there! Are you absolutely sure that it isn’t something else?”

“I’ve died twice already! Why would I lie!?”

“Because I was hoping you left for a reason that made sense!” Lance put his hands on his head in frustration and sat against the wall. “I imagined all these scenarios and what I would say to each one. But this? How was I ever supposed to come up with something like that? Its so stupid, petty, and fuckin rediculous. If anything, I almost feel like it would’ve been better if you left because of something I did, or if you just found a better job that you didn’t want me to be a part of.”

Tyria sat next to him, still fidgeting slightly. “This had nothing to do with what you did, nor would I ever take a job all for myself. You know this. We’ve been partners ever since I moved in.”

Lance sighed and lowered his hands to his side. “I know… I don’t know very much about this magic stuff so… it still feels unreal.”

“Magic is connected to all aspects of life. Birth, death,” Tyria rested her head on Lance’s shoulder, pressing harder on her crotch as another small wave came. “*Mmn* And everything in between. I suppose the more I think about it, it makes more sense.”

Lance hung his head. “I wish it didn’t.”

The two sat in silence for a moment. Tyria tried her best to wallow within the moment, despite her growing need to pee. But then they heard something splash near them. They both stood up at alert, Lance pulling out his harpoon and Tyria transformed her sword into a rapier. Staring back at them was a giant green eye, looking angry. Star had appeared, but was half the size of what it originally was.

“The hell?” said Lance, tilting his head in confusion. “I gouged that things eye out!”

“It probably used the lifewater to regenerate!” said Tyria.

“That same stuff I used to escape?” asked Lance.

“Probably,” said Tyria.

“Well now it’s nowhere near that stuff. Maybe it will die this time!” Lance threw his harpoon right at Star. But Star immediately jumped out of the way, jumping from wall to wall wildly before lunging straight at Lance.

Tyria immediately shoved Lance out of the way. “MOVE!” She then turned her sword into an ax and chopped at Star, cutting its watery body in half. The halves fell past them and turned into a couple of puddles of water.

“Did we get it?” asked Lance. Just as he said that, the puddles rose up, each growing an eye each. There were now two Stars.

“No!” said Tyria. The Stars approached menacingly while Tyria and Lance backed away cautiously. Then, there was another splash behind them. A huge glob of water fell from the ceiling, splashing down before creating another Star. A sense of dread washed over Tyria. “Uh oh…” More Stars were appearing. From the ceiling, the walls, and the floor. Some approached, others began absorbing the pee puddle Lance left earlier. Just then, a significant wave of desperation ran through Tyria’s crotch, forcing her to grab it with both hands and bend down. “No! Not now! Not now! Please, come on!” She twisted her body and crossed her legs tightly, hoping to suppress the wave as soon as possible.

Lance however, wasn’t keen on waiting around. He grabbed Tyria’s arm and pulled her away. “Come on! We have to get out of here!”

Tyria panicked as she tried not to fall over and keep her legs crossed at the same time. “Lance, stop! I’m going to pee myself!”

“It’s either that or get eaten by those things.” said Lance, gesturing back to the Stars. All of them were running and crawling towards them along the walls.

“But *Nnh* Lance! *Mmph*!” Tyria couldn’t hold her pee while running full speed. Though her singular hand pressed as hard as it could, it was like trying to tap up a dam. A spurt made its way out of her pee hole. Tyria gasped and tried harder to get Lance to stop, but he pulled even harder, sending a shock through her body that opened her pee hole enough to force it to constantly leak. With every step now, another gush of pee jetted into her pants, leaving pee droplets as they ran. Then she tripped over a vine, opening the floodgates all the way. Pee rushed out of her bladder, through her panties, and out of her pants, splattering behind them in a trail. Tyria couldn’t focus enough of her effort into holding it, making it feel like she was trying to stop an entire river.

“LANCE!” she yelled one last time, breaking out of his grasp.

“What?!” he asked, frustrated that they were stopping.

Tyria held her crotch and twisted her legs. But the stream had already begun to die down. By the time she held her crotch, there was nothing left to hold. She then looked to Lance. “I…” All in an instant, her eyes rolled to the back of her head and her knees buckled as her entire body fell to the floor.

Lance rushed over. “Tyria! TYRIA!” he called in a panic. He held her head, shaking her slightly. “Tyria! Wake up please!” He watched as Tyria’s hand fell limp to the side. Lance gasped and put his ear near her chest. There was no heartbeat. His heart sank. Tyria was actually dead. But he didn’t have too long to dwell on it. The Stars were coming. However, they started to slow down as many of them began to cleanse Tyria’s pee trail. Lance gave them one last look of anger before picking up Tyria’s body in a princess carry and running away.

###

Meliay groaned. Her eyes fluttered as they adjusted to the area around her. She was still within the viney tunnels. It was still dark, but now she was being carried by somebody. “Tyria…?” she asked drearily.

“Oh, you’re finally awake!” said a deep gruff voice.

“What…?” said Meliay, not recognizing it. She looked to her right and got an entire face full of chest hair. She screamed and pushed herself away, but then she fell into a large puddle, submerging her entire lower body underwater. “Augh! What the hell?”

“Well that definitely was a reaction. You were almost dry too.” said the person in front of her.

Meliay looked up and saw a familiar and unwelcome face. “You?!”

Standing in front of her was Steve. He was shirtless with thick leather pants and shoes. His beard was scruffy but trimmed and his hair was shortened. “Oh, you remember.”

Meliay gave him an angry stare. “You! You… Who are you again?”

Steve sighed. “Come on, we met back at Boford Town. You know, I gave you two the information that person you were chasin’ around town. Neat light show you guys put on by the way.

Meliay stood up. “Your name damn it! What the hell is your name?!” She reached her staff but found it wasn’t at her side.

“Lookin’ fer this?” said Steve. He held out Meliay’s staff. It looked like a tiny stick in his big meaty hands.

Meliay snatched the staff away. “Give that back!” she said before pointing it at Steve. “Now what are you doing here?”

“Some guy showed up the same day you guys decided to leave.” said Steve. “Word got around pretty fast that he was looking for you. And after the show you guys put on around town, a lot of people had their eyes on you. They saw which direction you left town and who you brought with you. A lot of people asked that I give you their thanks for convincing that nuisance to leave.”

“It wasn’t exactly my choice.” said Meliay, still pointing her staff.

Steve moved the tip of the staff away from his chest with his finger. “Do you have to keep pointing that thing at me? I’m not gonna hurt anybody. Nice new staff head by the way.”

Meliay forced her staff back. “You still haven’t explained why YOU’RE here. If it’s for the reason I think it is, I swear to god.”

“I mean…” Steve shrugged, “I really wanted to see you again.”

Meliay grunted aggressively before scraping her staff head on the ground, igniting it with golden energy. “Glettings Bara!” She slammed the staff head into the ground, sending a wave of golden energy through the ground. When it went under Steve’s feet, he was knocked flat on his face, splashing it in a tiny puddle. Meliay walked over to his head and crouched down. “I don’t have time to deal with whatever THIS is. So go home! I am not gonna be some girl for you to conquer! And I am absolutely disgusted that you even think that I would ever give you a chance!”

Steve then pressed his hands on the ground, making it shake slightly. He picked himself up nonchalantly and rubbed his chin with a sigh. Meliay backed away, pointing her staff back at him again, shocked that he had received practically no visible damage. “Yeah, I get it. In hindsight, maybe being drunk off my ass wasn’t the best first impression. But I hope that maybe if I can help around, you know, maybe even show you a little more of who I really am-”

“Like hell!” shouted Meliay. She got ready to cast another spell, but a large splash got the attention of both of them. Meliay turned around and pointed her staff at the water, only to see Dagalin gasping for air as she emerged from the water.

“Oh my god!” said Dagalin in a wheezing voice, “I thought I wasn’t gonna make it!”

“Dagalin!” said Meliay, shocked. “What are you doing here?!”

Dagalin gasped. “Meli! I found you so fast! Now the next part should be easy!”

“Next part?” asked Meliay.

“Yeah!” Dagalin rose out of the water and walked over to Meliay. “There was someone else here. They’re stuck in that water tunnel down there and can’t get out because they can’t swim. So I’ll need your help to blow up an ice wall to drain the water, which will help us get out of here too!” Meliay backed away from Dagalin, her expression cold. “Hey uh, w-why are you walking away from me?”

“Why should I believe you?” asked Meliay.

“What?” asked Dagalin in a confused voice.

“Why should I ever trust you?” said Meliay again.

“I-I found a way out. Why would I lie about that?”

Meliay then pointed her staff at Dagalin, making her back away. “Or, you’re leading me to a trap where you plan to escape and leave us here.”

“Huh?! Why would I ever do that?! I’ve never tried to escape even once!”

“You could’ve just been biding your time.” Meliay then pounded the end of her staff on the ground. “But let’s humor you. Even if you were trying to cooperate, you’ve been a detriment at almost every step of the way!”

“What?!” said Dagalin, throwing her arms out in shock.

“Bein’ a bit harsh ain't ya?” asked Steve.

“Shut up!” said Meliay, pinching her fingers in the air. “You’re not part of any of this!” She turned back around to Dagalin. “You drugged us and stole our stuff. You made us chase you all around town. And you fed Tyria the idea that coming this way was a good idea!”

“But I’ve been trying, haven't I? Please just believe me, I can lead us out of here. If you’d just give me a chance!”

Meliay slammed her staff on the ground angrily. “You don’t deserve a chance! You killed Tyria!” That last phrase left the 3 in silence as it echoed slightly through the tunnel. “You killed Tyria. I’ll never forget that day. How she fell to the ground lifeless. How I could no longer feel her heartbeat…” Meliay’s voice grew shaky, but she quickly suppressed her sadness and pointed her staff back at Dagalin. “So many times I’ve been so close to losing Tyria. Even now, we don’t even know where she is. Well no more. All of this is your fault. You are nothing more than a trickster, a thief, a snake oiler! So what you can do now is get the fuck out of my sight!”

Dagalin stepped away from Meliay, tears welling up. “Oh…” she said, her voice cracking. “I mean… that did happen. It was a horrid experience that I never ever wanted to happen. But Tyria is still alive, and we can still save her, I wanted to genuinely help. And for a while, I really thought we had something going on. But that entire time, it must’ve been just some sick joke to you. You never intended to be my friend, did you?” Meliay remained silent. “That’s what I thought. You’re just like everybody else.” Dagalin turned around, walking a ways down the water tunnel until she was waist deep. “I get it. No one ever allowed me to be anyone else. Why should I have expected you to be any different?” After a moment, Dagalin dove under the water and swam away.

Steve sighed. “That was a bit mean, you know? Looked like you really hurt the kid.”

Meliay turned around and walked past Steve. “What part of ‘You are not part of any of this’ do you not understand? Plus, she’s a year older than me.”

“Huh, coulda fooled me.” said Steve with a shrug. He then followed her. “Wait! Where are you going?”

“Tyria isn’t gonna find herself, is she? I’ve gotta find her if no one else will.”

“That girl could’ve helped us.”

“I don’t need her help. Nor do I need yours! So leave me alone already!”

“Have you no faith in anyone?”

“The only faith I need is in myself and my friend. No one else.”

“More is merrier as they say. If you really think doing everything by yourself is worth it, be my guest. If anything, I’d hardly call you and Tyria a team at this point.”

Meliay grit her teeth and jutted the spearhead out of her staff, swinging it at Steve, who barely dodged it. “You don’t know anything! We’ve barely even known each other for more than a couple hours and you think you can just give me input?! Me and Tyria have been friends for years. I know better than you ever will!”

“Sounds like you two are real close.” said Steve, keeping a cautious distance away. “But, how much of that time together have you spent apart? Very little I presume?”

“What of it?” said Meliay.

“Who are you without Tyria?” said Steve, his expression becoming serious. “What life can you imagine without her in it?” Meliay remained silent, but gritted her teeth in anger. “She’s special to you, isn’t she? More than just a friend. That must be why you’re acting so differently compared to the day I met you. Why you treated that poor girl like nothing more than dirt on your shoe. It begs the question, what would Tyria think?” Meliay was about to attack him again, but another voice sounded out behind her.

“Shit shit shit shit shit shit shit!” shouted Lance, carrying an unconscious. Meliay and Steve looked to see him running towards them. Behind him were tons of Stars crawling all along the walls, barking with their wretched wet mouths.

“Lance?! And Tyria?!” exclaimed Meliay.

“A little help please!” shouted Lance. He then yelped as a Star lunged for his legs, but he jumped just in time to footstool it into the ground. “Now would be good!”

Meliay grunted and retracted the spearhead into her staff, pointing its head in Lance's direction. “Leiptra!” Several energy blasts shot out of the staff, zipping past Lance and hitting various Stars, splattering them apart like bags of water. There were more Stars than she could shoot though and the horde barely slowed down. Meliay stopped shooting and instead slammed the end of her staff on the ground. Lance was surrounded in golden energy and got flung far forward, tumbling past Meliay and Steve while holding Tyria’s body close to protect her. Meliay then jutted out her spearhead and stabbed it into the ground. “Mauer Isa!” Instantly, a wall of ice erected from the ground, completely shutting the tunnel off. Several watery bangs across the ice pounded, the Stars trying to get in.

Meliay turned around. “How did you manage to piss off that many, Lance?!”

Lance quickly crawled over to her. “Nevermind that! Tyria! Something happened to her!” Meliay looked at her and saw that she was unconscious. She quickly knelt by their side and held her hand to Tyria’s face. “She told me of this curse and… I don’t think I believed her enough, a-and I might’ve pushed her too hard-”

Meliay then whacked him over the head with her staff. “Lance you goddamn idiot! We wouldn’t be out here if it wasn’t real!”

Lance rubbed his head. “Ow! Okay!” He looked at his hand and noticed that there was a tiny bit of blood. Meliay gasped, she didn’t mean to hit him that hard. Maybe she was losing it a little bit. She took a deep breath and calmed down a bit.

“She told you she can come back right? How long was she out?” Meliay asked.

“I dunno, uh… 30 or 40 seconds?”

“That long?! D-Did she tell you about the other thing?”

“What other thing?” Just then, Tyria gasped for air and sat up from Lance’s arms. “Tyria! You’re okay!”

Tyria coughed. “Yeah *cough* I’m back.” she sighed, “To be honest, I’m not exactly sure if it's a good or bad thing that I’m getting used to this. And, one more thing,” Tyria turned around and slapped Lance across the face. “I told you to wait up!”

“I know! I’m sorry! I learned my lesson!” said Lance, raising his hands defensively. Tyria gasped, noticing the blood on his hand.

“Oh my god! You’re hurt!” she said, feeling guilty for slapping him. She held his hand concerningly. “Where did they get you?”

“What this? Nah, this way Meliay’s handiwork. Guess I made her a little too mad this time.” said Lance, lightly chuckling thinking nothing of it.

Tyria stood up and turned to Meliay, looking serious. “Meliay, is this true?”

Meliay uncomfortably gripped her staff. “I-I mean… it was just an accident. I didn’t mean to.”

“Meliay, he is bleeding!” said Tyria, her voice raising.

Meliay looked away guiltily, backing up a little. “I know, I’m sorry. It’s just that… I’ve been through a lot lately and-”

“We all have, Meliay! This entire journey has sucked for everybody involved! But that absolutely doesn’t give us the excuse to hurt our friends!” Meliay could not face Tyria, her guilt became too substantial. She was even wondering if what she said to Dagalin was the right thing to do.

“Hey uh… sorry to cut your drama short, but I don’t think what’s happening over there is particularly good.” said Steve, pointing at the ice wall. Everyone looked to see that it was now cracking apart. And even more than that, some Stars had passed by it by going through the blue jelly in the walls.

“Time to go, yeah?” said Lance. He gestured to Tyria and Meliay, “We’ll fix THIS, later.”

Lance began to run, Meliay spoke up. “Wait! Dagalin said that there is another ice wall that way, we’ll be trapped! And I can’t break it because the entire tunnel is flooded.”

“Wait, you saw Dagalin?” asked Tyria. “Where?”

Meliay looked away guiltily. “Ummm…”

“She told her off.” said Steve, “Poor girl looked like she was about to cry too.”

“Meliay!” shouted Tyria with a slight growl, holding out her hands as if she was choking air. “I swear, I am going to kill you! What was the point of giving you those 3 friend coupons!?”

“Wait, did she dishonor a deal worth 3 friend coupons?!” asked Lance, flabbergasted. “Meliay, what the hell happened? That isn’t like you at all!”

Before they could argue further, the ice wall broke apart. All the Stars barked and roared as they poured through the hole. Everyone prepared to face off against them, Tyria taking the front with Lance, turning her sword into a cutlass. But just as one lunged, Meliay couldn’t help herself. She shoved Tyria out of the way and took the attack for her. The Star rode her head, gnawing on her head and tearing it out.

“Ow ow ow ow!” shouted Meliay.

“Why would you do that, Meliay!?” shouted Tyria, cutting down any Stars nearby looking to drag down Meliay as well. “You know me and Lance take the front! You are making absolutely no sense today!” Meliay tripped over a vine and fell back against the wall. Her staff hit the wall hard, bending the head a bit. “Meliay!” said Tyria, trying to rush over. But too many Stars were getting in her way. The Star on Meliay’s head wrapper around to her face and began biting away, cutting and scraping it up. Meliay desperately tried to push it away, but her hands went right through its watery body. Then suddenly, it suddenly exploded into mist. Meliay gasped, seeing that Steve had punched the Star away. But before she could say anything, he picked her up and threw her over his shoulder.

“What the heck are you doing?!” asked Meliay, flustered.

“You’re not thinking clearly! I’m taking over!” said Steve.

Meliay began slamming her fists into his back and tried to wriggle out. “HUH?! What the heck can you do?!”

Steve kicked her staff into his hand, putting it under his armpit. “I’ll show you.” He ran over and scooped up Tyria and Lance in one swoop, holding them near his chest. “I’m gonna get us out of here! You might wanna hold your breath!” Steve then ran towards the water.

“Hey! I don’t like being manhandled!” said Lance, slightly blushing.

“Suck it up, big baby!” said Steve. “Brace yourselves!” Everyone took a deep breath as Steve plowed through the water. They all felt the water surge through them as Steve kept running full speed as if it wasn’t even there. Meliay was shocked, just who the heck was Steve? His strength was absurd! She looked back, seeing that the Star’s that followed dissolved back into green particles. But even those began to pursue them. She held her hand over her mouth, hoping to not let even one bubble of breath loose.

###

Dagalin rose from the waterhole, gasping for air. Faminelli rushed over and helped her out of it. But as soon as Dagalin was able to stand, she threw her arms around Faminelli and began to sob.

Faminelli patted her back. “Oh, what’s wrong?”

“Y-You’re my friend, right Elli?” asked Dagaling, sniffling slightly.

“O-Of course!” said Faminelli, slightly confused. “What happened?”

“She hates me! She… She won’t help us! She said all these mean things and now I don’t know what to do!”

Faminelli held Dagalin tighter and closed her eyes. “Shh Shh, it’s okay. I know how that feels. If anything, that’s the reason why I left home. But you're not alone anymore. We have each other. Here, sit with me.” Faminelli brought Dagalin down with her and sat against the wall. She then put the hood on Dagalin’s cloak on her head. “Take as much time as you need. And if you need anything, I’ll be right here.”

“T-Thank you.” said Dagalin.

The two sat for a while, occasionally rocking back and forth together. Dagalin would also break the silence by letting out a sob every once in a while. Faminelli wrapped her arm around Dagalin’s head and let her rest her head on her shoulder. Dagalin brought her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs, finding immense comfort in Faminelli’s presence.

But after a while, a huge splash at the water hole startled them both. Steve shot right out and landed at the waterhole’s edge, shaking the room. He put Tyria, Meliay, and Lance down on the floor gently, each of them coughing.

“Oh my god!” groaned Tyria. “I thought I was gonna die for real this time!”

“Please don’t joke like that.” said Meliay.

Lance sat up groggily. “We need to think of a plan. Maybe if we start digging at the walls, we can dig up to the surface.”

Faminelli sat up. “That won’t work, the walls regenerate faster than you can dig through them.”

Everyone looked at her. “Who’s this?” asked Tyria.

“Oh! Um… I’m Faminelli. I’ve been stuck down here since yesterday.” said Faminelli, looking away nervously.

Meliay then noticed Dagalin, looking at her upside down on her back. She remembered the brief conversation they had, Dagalin had mentioned that there was someone she met. Turns out there was more truth than Meliay was willing to believe. She flipped herself over and held her head up. “Dagalin.” she said.

Dagalin however hid slightly behind Faminelli’s shoulder. Faminelli looked between her and Meliay and put the pieces together. Frustration grew with her and she stood up, walking towards them. Meliay looked at her, wondering what she was gonna do. Little did she expect for the threads of her jacket to grasp her by the torso and pin her to the wall.

“Whoa hey!” shouted Lance, quickly standing up.

Tyria did the same. “What are you doing?!”

“You!” said Faminelli. “You’re the one that hurt Dagalin, weren’t you?!”

Meliay looked at Dagalin again, seeing her curled up in the corner. Her eyes were puffy from recent crying. Meliay felt horrible. She let out all her anger onto her even though there was someone who deserved more blame than anyone. But with no way to confront them, she dumped all her anger on Dagalin. Granted, she deserved at least a little bit of it, but with the way she looked now, Meliay knew now that she went too far.

Steve then walked over and put his hand on Faminelli’s shoulder. “Come now. After having a talk with her friends, I’m sure that she knows what to do now.” Faminelli looked into Meliay’s eyes, seeing remorse in them. She sighed and hesitantly put her down, returning the threads to her jacket.

Meliay gave a sigh of relief and made her way towards Dagalin. She was nervous and began fiddling with the string of her robe ner her chest as she walked. On the way, she noticed that Steve had her staff. She reached over to retrieve it, but Steve stepped back.

“Mm-mm, after.” said Steve. Meliay was hesitant, but she took a deep breath and accepted the condition, willing to talk to Dagalin fully exposed. She stood about 5 feet away from her and looked away nervously.

“Dagalin, I…” Meliay stopped. She then went down to her hands and knees, bowing her head. “I'm so sorry!” Dagalin was kind of shocked at Meliay’s sudden shift in mood. “I was just so angry, and scared, and paranoid, and I just dumped all that on you. You didn’t deserve it. Tyria just means so much to me that… that I can’t imagine my life without her!” Steve raised his eyebrow at that statement. “So I ask, can you forgive me?” For several moments, there was nothing but silence. Meliay slowly looked up and saw Dagalin in the same position. Her face was hidden under her hood and legs, only her purple eyes staring at her.

“The story you told.” Dagalin finally said, “Was it true?”

“The one about the staff?” asked Meliay, “Yeah, why?”

“Why tell me about it at all if you never intended to be my friend before?”

Meliay sighed. “It’s not that… I mean maybe… It’s just that it was interesting that you asked about it. You were so proud of your cloak and what it could do and I was proud of my staff. I actually found fun in telling you about it. It reminded me of what it was like to actually build it. Countless days of toil and sourcing materials, it’s also the thing I have that I’m most proud of. If anything, I think we really bonded, even if only slightly, over those things. I think that was our first true connection.”

Dagalin lowered her legs and tilted her head. “You really think that?”

Meliay nodded. “I do.”

Dagalin pinched her chin and thought for a moment. “I have an idea. I’ve gone on this journey with you two for two things. To get to Garmberland, and to make friends with all of you. And so far, I’ve only made friends with Tyria and Elli.” She gestured to Faminelli, who waved back happily. “I still haven’t made friends with you. So let’s do something that will cement our friendship going forward.”

“What is it?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin smiled, walking over and kneeling next to Meliay. “I want… a friend coupon.”

Meliay looked at her confused. “What? Why?”

“Because, you don’t give friend coupons to people who aren’t your friends, right?”

“I suppose that logic is sound.”

“And, I want to use it to get back at you one day. Only then will we be even.” Tyria couldn’t help but snort at this, finding it amusing.

Meliay hung her head down and sighed. “Fine. I will grant you ONE friend coupon.” she said, holding up her index finger.

Dagalin grinned and threw her arms in the air. “Yaaay!” she said, quickly hugging Meliay’s head tightly. “Here’s to being official friends!”

“Y-Yay!” said Meliay, slightly less enthusiastically with an awkward smile.

Faminelli smiled, looking on with her arms crossed. But then, she heard a yell beside her. She looked to see Lance jumping away in pain with a Star gnawing on his leg.

“Sneaky bastard!” he yelled. He took his harpoon and slashed the Star away, making its body turn into water. “Looks like they found us!” Everyone looked at the waterhole. A couple of Stars began to crawl out of it, looking to bite the nearest person. Tyria slashed and Steve kicked some back down the hole before Faminelli walked up to the hole.

“Make way!” she yelled, raising her arm above her head. Her sleeve immediately transformed into a giant, super flat panel of thread. She then slammed it on top of the waterhole like a lid. The lid rocked up and down as the Stars struggled to get in. “That should hold them for a while. But eventually they’ll start coming through the walls.”

“Why are they even after us anyway?!” asked Lance.

“Does a monster really need a reason?” asked Tyria.

“They’re not monsters, they’re protectors.” said Faminelli. “They’re like white blood cells in the bloodstream, except they protect the lifewater veins. They clean anything like dirt, random junk, clothes, stuff like that. As long as you guys didn’t leave anything in the tunnels, they shouldn’t be angry like this.”

Lance raised his hand. “Uh, does pee count?”

“Yes! Don’t tell me you went!”

“I did my business like any normal human being! And I may or may not have made Tyria pee herself also…”

“Even then, with this many they would’ve cleaned that up ages ago.” Faminelli tried to think. “You guys didn’t throw the first punch, did you?”

“We did blast a few.” said Meliay.

“There was this huge one that I gouged the eye out of.” said Lance.

“Huge?” asked Faminelli, concerned. “How huge?”

“Like a building and halves worth.” said Lance. “Fought it in this big ass room full of this water that gave me superpowers! It was so cool, you shoulda seen it!”

“...You wouldn’t happen to have taken some of it with you, have you?”

“Yeah, is that bad?” asked Dagalin, showing off her six bottles. Tyria showed off her pair as well.

Faminelli’s eyes widened. “Well duh! That water is the pure life energy of the planet itself! The cells will protect that with their lives, no matter how much you take!”

“Can’t we just give it back?!” asked Meliay.

“Too late now! We’re probably labeled as threats that need to be eliminated!”

“Then we only have one way out.” said Dagalin. “The ice wall! Meliay, can you swim?”

“Well… I used to, but,” Meliay retrieved her staff from Steve. “Getting into a fight with those things bent my staff. It isn’t exactly useless yet, but with it bent like this, it will be hard to aim myself with my levitation magic.”

“Then we’ll do the next best thing.” Dagalin pulled out a potion bottle from her cloak. “I’ll carry you there.”

“What!?” asked Meliay, surprised. “C-Can’t Tryia or Lance take me?”

“We’ll sink like rocks if we went into the water with this armor on.” said Tyria.

“And I can’t swim at all.” said Faminelli. With little options, Meliay looked to Steve.

“Yeah, I can probably get you there.” he said.

Meliay gave him a disgusted expression and turned to Dagalin. “Alright, we’ll go with your plan.”

“Oh come on.” said Steve, disappointed.

Dagalin then handed her the potion. “This is a water breathing potion, but only kinda. See, this will help you stay underwater for a long time, but you must hold your breath in order to use it. I know it seems counter intuitive, but its just what I was able to create with the limited resources I had. You will still feel like you need to gasp for air, but never succumb to that feeling. The Varnspydir powder will delay that feeling, but it will come around eventually. Relax, focus, and be calm, no matter how much you want to breathe, just hold it and you’ll never drown. But if you do let your breath out, then the potion immediately wears off.”

“Okay, I got it. I won’t fail.” said Meliay. She took the bottle and uncorked it, but noticed that Dagalin wasn’t getting one out for herself. “Where’s yours?”

“That’s… the only one I have.” Dagalin said, scratching the back of her head. “I’m putting a lot of faith in you. Are you sure that thing still works?”

Meliay inspected her staff for a moment before igniting its head on the floor. “Glettings Bara!” She slammed the head into the ground, creating a big crater of slime and vines. “Yeah, I think that should be good enough.”

Faminelli grunted as she struggled to keep the waterhole closed. “That’s good and all, but the water is infested with those things. How are you gonna get through all of them?”

Dagalin thought for a moment. “Hey, how about this? You remember that potion I used to freeze your staff in place?”

Meliay nodded. “Yeah, why?” Dagalin gave a mischievous smile.

###

Green particles swirled around under the waterhole like a whirlpool. They slowly rose towards the waterhole, creating new Stars as they emerged out of the water. Then for a split second, the denim lid above the waterhole opened a tiny hole with a potion bottle quickly falling through before the hole sealed itself back up again. The potion splashed under the water, the green particles paying it no mind as they continued to swirl. But the potion emitted a sparkling light, revealing that a lit firecracker was inside. The fuse burned until it detonated the bottle apart, instantly spreading magic across the water. Instantaneously, all the green particles froze in place, vibrating intensely trying to get free from the magic.

Dagalin and Meliay dove in immediately after. Meliay sipped the last of her potion on the way down and discarded it in the water. The girls nodded to each other and got into position. Meliay held her arms out while Dagalin wrapped her arms around Meliay’s chest, gripping her breasts tightly. Meliay blushed and slightly protested, but Dagalin rolled her eyes and dragged her through the water regardless.

Dagalin’s arm swooshed through the water, tugging at whatever it could to propel the two of them forward. She kicked as fast as she could until her legs felt tight with fatigue. Meliay saw the struggle in her face and decided to help out as well, kicking and paddling as much as she could as well. There was a strange feeling. They were approaching upon a minute under the water and yet Meliay felt like she had only held her breath for about 15 seconds. But as she paddled, a very familiar feeling made itself known.

Her crotch area started to feel like static, numbing that general area. Not only was it making it hard to reliably hold her pee, but it spread far enough to make it hard to kick her legs, slowing them down somewhat. Meliay cursed the Varnspydir powder that was used in the potion, but continued to paddle on as best she could. With each paddle, she snuck a clutch of the crotch every so often, hoping Dagalin doesn’t notice.

Soon enough, they swam up to the ice wall. Daylight shined through the wall, illuminating their faces. Meliay took a look around. At the edges of the ice wall, the vines were turning brown, dying from the lack of circulation. While inspecting them, Dagalin shooker her shoulder to get her attention. Her face was starting to turn red and had a distressed expression. Dagalin pointed at the wall and made a specific gesture, telling her to blow it up. Meliay nodded and swam up the rest of the way to the wall. As she did so, Dagalin curled up, her breath trying to come back out.

Meliay placed her hand on the wall, it was ice cold to the touch and it chilled the water near it. It sent shivers down her spine and her bladder. She squeezed her legs tightly and got her staff out, extending it.

###

“How will we know if they did it?” asked Lance.

“The water will rush out of the tunnel. That’s when we jump in and run for it.” said Tyria.

“Should we drink the water to go faster?”

Tyria shook her head. “No, I don’t want to use it unnecessarily. Because what if something bigger comes or what if it's something that I could’ve handled without it and now I have to deal with the di-” She looked at Steve, who had his arms crossed and was inspecting the walls for potential Stars. Tyria leaned close to Lance to whisper in his ear. “I don’t wanna have to pee super badly after drinking it.”

“Is that what it does?” asked Lance, also in a hushed tone.

“You pee’d! Didn’t you!?”

“I mean yeah, but I thought it was any normal pee.”

Just then, Faminelli yelped. A Star had bit her leg, biting down with its rock like teeth, scratching and cutting across the skin. “Guys! Help please!” Tyria ran over and bashed the Star away, turning it into mist. But immediately, several more poured out, swarming the two. Tyria thought fast and wrapped her arm around Femanielli and tried to toss her back. But for some reason, she weighed much more than Tyria thought.

“Oh! You’re a dense mother fucker!” Tyria yelled and threw Faminelli back as hard as she could near Steve and Lance. Her jacket sleeve reformed itself from the lid as she stood back up.

“I know, my jacket weighs about 50 pounds. Thanks anyway!” said Faminelli.

“50 pounds! What the heck!?” asked Tyria. But she didn’t have time to dwell on it as another Star leapt towards her. She backed away and bashed the Star as well as two more until they were backed against the wall. Everyone repelled the Star’s to the best of their ability, but more and more kept lining up behind them.

“At this rate, even if they clear the tunnel, how are we gonna get out of here?!” asked Lance, clawing away a Star.

Steve looked around and saw Stars starting to appear on the ceiling, but there was another thing that got his attention. He grasped a vine on the wall and tugged on it. It was solid and somewhat rigid. He then pulled with all his might, tearing the vine off the wall. “MOVE!” He shouted, throwing the vine on the ground. Everyone else hopped out of the way as the vine slammed down on several Stars, clearing a line to the waterhole.

“Jump in! I’ve noticed that they don’t materialize underwater. Stall as long as you can then jump in when you think you can last until the tunnel can be cleared.” said Steve.

Faminelli began to panic. “W-Wait! I can’t swim!”

Steve then grabbed her and threw her over his shoulder like she weighed nothing. “Then you’re getting a ride.” He then ran on top of the vine, looking to jump in the waterhole.

“No stop! I’m not ready yet!” she yelled.

“Then hurry up and hold your breath!” Steve and Faminelli both took a deep breath before Steve cannonballed into the waterhole with a huge splash, destroying a couple of Stars on the way through.

“Oh god!” said Tyria, unenthusiastically. She turned her sword into a shovel and charged across the vine.

“Right now?” said Lance. He quickly groaned and followed Tyria. Tyria scooped and bashed every Star in front of them while Lance stabbed and slashed the Stars coming up on the rear. Then when they got to the waterhole, they both jumped in. The water surged through their ears as they landed near Steve. Faminelli was on his shoulder, covering her mouth with both hands and squeezing her eyes tightly, totally scared of being underwater. But they didn’t have time to think as green particles started the swirl around them aggressively. Though they only felt like puffballs, it was extremely disorienting. Tyria desperately tried to swat them away, praying that Meliay clears the tunnel.

###

Meliay’s spear tip clinked against the ice wall, glowing slightly with the heat. But the wall remained intact. Meliay gave a confused look, wondering why it didn’t work. She looked over to Dagalin, horrified to see her desperately holding her mouth closed. Dagalin noticed her looking and gestured to Meliay to hurry up. Meliay nodded and raised her staff over her head, striking the ice again. The staff clinked again, glowing only slightly hotter. She threw her staff down on the wall a couple more times, each not even making a scratch. Then, Meliay heard a whimper from Dagalin. Her body contracted and forced the air out of her lungs and through her fingers, soon followed by her body going limp, floating down slightly. Meliay’s eyes widened, she had to get her magic to work on this next try. She knew that if she said the magic words, that would most likely work. But a lingering doubt hung heavily on her mind. If this didn’t work, everyone there would die.

Meliay looked at the wall with a huge amount of resolve, quickly hypeing herself up before shouting, “Glettings-!” As the words bubbled out of her mouth, she suddenly felt like she was about to drown like she had been underwater forever all at once. It was so horrible and suffocating she wanted to cry, but she mustered the last of her energy to mutter the last word. “-Bara!” Meliay struck the ice wall, the spear tip becoming so hot that the water around it was boiling.

She pushed with all her might, trying to get the wall to explode. However to her horror, the spear tips heat dimmed and the bubbling stopped. She panicked, thinking all hope was lost. But suddenly, the ice wall glowed with cracks of golden energy. Meliay could barely keep her eyes open at this point, still struggling to even see if the spell worked. The cracks glowed bright and finally imploded on themselves, breaking the ice wall and the water around immediately surged forward. Meliay’s body was so ready to give up already, but she willed herself to swim towards Dagalin and held her tightly, making sure they didn’t get separated.

Then after just a moment, the two were jerked to the side and were shot out of a spout, flying high in the air. Meliay gasped for air, feeling her vitality return to her body. Then, they both crashed onto the ground, splattering snow on impact. Meliay coughed, trying to clear the water from her waterway, but then she remembered Dagalin.

“Dagalin!” she called, crouching near her body. She pushed her ear near her chest. There was a faint heartbeat, but Dagalin wasn’t breathing. Meliay put her hands over Dagalin’s chest, “Come on! Come back!” She rapidly did chest compressions, stopping occasionally to blow air into Dagalin’s mouth. On the second time around, Dagalin coughed out water and gasped for air. “Oh my god! You’re okay!” said Meliay.

“Yeah… *cough* but,” Dagalin then weakly put her arms around Meliay. “I didn’t know you liked me that much already. You wanna keep going?” Meliay blushed, so angry and flabbergasted that she couldn’t get her mouth to say any words. But then the geyser they came out of suddenly sputtered, followed by screams. Dagalin looked up in fear. “Wait wait! I’m sorry!” she said, trying to crawl away. But she didn’t get far before a screaming Tyria landed on both of them. Both Meliay and Dagalin groaned in pain.

“Oh my god! Are you guys okay?” asked Tyria.

“Don’t mind us.” said Dagalin with a strain in her voice, “We love getting sandwiched while we were in the middle of something.”

“Sorry.” said Tyria, guiltily. The geyser sputtered again and two more figures were thrown out. Lance gave a high pitched scream as he face planted a couple feet in front of the girls, splattering snow on their faces. Steve landed on his feet to their side, Faminelli still screaming.

“We’re on the ground now, you can stop yelling now.” said Steve. Faminelli continued to scream however. Steve sighed and planted Faminelli on the ground and flicked her head. She immediately stopped screaming and rubbed her head in pain.

“Ow! What the hell was that for!?” she said, holding her fist up to Steve.

“You were being a drama queen, what else was I supposed to do?” said Steve with a shrug.

“Not that!” Faminelli pouted as she looked at the red mark on her forehead.

Tyria, Meliay, and Dagalin stood up and looked around. Tyria rubbed her shoulders and shivered. “God damn! It’s cold! And I’m all wet! This makes it 10,000 times worse!” Dagalin held her cloak around her body as she began to shiver. Not only was it cold, but her need to pee seemed to be getting exponentially worse. She crossed her legs and held her crotch with one hand, feeling the shiver of her body as she held there. She looked at Meliay, but Meliay gasped and looked away as soon as she did, seemingly forcing herself to separate her legs. Dagalin smirked, guessing as to what Meliay was hiding.

“The hell is this place?” asked Lance, now standing and looking around. The place was surrounded with abandoned, old, and rotting wooden houses. Around the inner area were pickaxes, grindstones, wagons, and empty stables.

Meliay gasped. “You don’t think someone found the lifewater vein here, do you? Maybe they tried to harvest it and caused that ice wall to appear there when they dug. But why did they leave?”

Tyria began to shiver intensely. She sighed, letting out a huge cloud out of her mouth. “C-Can we talk about this later so that we don’t freeze to death? It’s so cold and we’re being rained on.”

Dagalin held her cloak tightly closed, shivering as intensely as Tyria while crossing her legs tightly. “I agree! Fire! Right now please!”

Meliay nodded. “Lance and Steve! Can you guys look around and see what we can use as firewood?”

“Gladly!” said Lance with a shaky breath. Steve nodded and they both went inside the buildings.

Meliay then held her hand out. Her staff popped out of the geyser and into her hand. She walked towards the porch of one of the buildings. “Gather around me. I’ll use my fire magic to keep us moderately warm in the meantime.” She held her spear tip out and it glowed with heat. Tyria and Dagalin stood close, holding their hands close.

“Um…” said Faminelli. Everyone looked at her. “C-Can I join in too?”

Dagalin smiled. “Well yeah! We’re friends, aren’t we?”

Faminelli smiled as well. “Thank you!”

“Yeah. You’re practically wearing nothing… uh… Ferri?” said Tyria.

“Faminelli.” said Dagalin in a corrective manner.

“Faminelli! Sorry, I only just met you like 10 minutes ago.” said Tyria, pressing her palms together.

“Don’t worry, I’m sure we’ll get to know each other eventually.” said Faminelli.

“What were you doing in the tunnels anyway? Those tunnels were a pretty guarded secret according to our knowledge.” asked Tyria.

Faminelli loosened her shoulders. “I suppose I could ask you guys the same thing. But my story goes like this-”

As the girls talked, Meliay focused on keeping the spear tip warm. She felt a drip of water fall off her chin and she instinctively caught it on her palm. She gave it a close look and noticed something weird. The drop of water was traveling up her fingers to the tips. Eventually, it formed into a star pattern with a recognizable green eye. Meliay gasped as the drop waved at her and forcefully bit right down on her fingertip.

“Owww!” she yelped.

“Meliay? What’s wrong!?” asked Tyria.

Meliay quickly brushed her fingers, smooshing the star away. “The stars followed us! They’re the size of ants now!”

“What?! Ow!” shouted Dagalin, smacking her neck and finding a star there as well.

“Hey hey! They’re on me too!” said Faminelli, trying to sweep the stars off her chest. But the stars chewed wherever they pleased. Before she could get them off, the wraps around her breasts gave way and fell to the floor. Faminelli blushed intensely! “Noooo!” she yelled, covering them up with her hands. Dagalin caught enough of a glimpse to make herself excited though. They were incredibly smooth, so round that they perfectly mimicked bowls, and her nipples were hard, probably from the cold. Dagalin almost lost herself in thought of it, but she noticed the sound of gnawing on her cloak.

Dagalin gasped and looked to see that Stars were chewing on it. She took it off and slammed it on the ground repeatedly. “Oh hell no! This thing is off limits you bastards!”

“Ah! They’re on me too!” said Tyria. The Stars were on her shoulders and chewed through her breast plate strap, making it fall to the ground and revealing her soaked shirt. It wrapped around her breasts so tightly that it left very little to the imagination, especially with how peart the nipples were. Dagalin almost swore she would start to get a nosebleed.

“What do we do?!” asked Meliay desperately, holes and tears appearing around her clothes. “I can’t blast you with my magic!”

Dagalin then threw her cloak on the ground. “I got something! Stand next to me!” Dagalin took out a potion bottle from the cloak, its glass charged with electricity. She then smashed it on the ground, creating a pulse of electricity that vaporized all the Stars on their bodies, as well as charging their hair with it and making them stand up. All the girls sighed in relief, but Meliay looked back to the geyser.

“Guys, I don’t think it’s over.” she said, pointing to the geyser. Everyone looked to see that every drop of water that showered around the geyser was turning into a Star.

“Oh my god.” said Tyria in disbelief. All the Stars advanced, barking like little gremlins.

“Get behind me!” said Meliay, pointing her staff as best as she could towards the horde. “Spitha!” A jet of flames shot out slightly up in the air. Meliay forced it back down and singed the Stars. But more kept coming from the geyser. Meliay fired as long as she could until her entire staff glowed hot. Eventually, she yelped in pain as she was forced to throw it down in the snow as it began to burn her hands. As it melted the snow around it, the Stars all rushed over it like a vault.

“Come here!” said Faminelli. Everyone gathered around while Faminelli raised her arm and her jacket sleeve furled out into a dome that covered them all just before the Stars got there. The Stars immediately piled on and began to chew through the material as best as they could.

Everyone inside huddled tightly. “What the hell are we gonna do?” asked Tyria. However, Dagalin began to giggle. Everyone else looked to see that she was enjoying being sat next to Faminelli. Her soft breast pressing up against Dagalin’s cheek.

“Can you please take this seriously!” Faminelli yelled.

Dagalin snapped out of it and looked around. “Yeah yeah, uh. What do we know then?”

“What do we know?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin nodded. “Yeah! About the lifewater and why Star is doing this.”

“Well, you guys took the lifewater from the special lake, right? And it didn’t want you to leave with it and is now trying to kill us. Probably because we just did the equivalent of sucking its blood. Like lil’ mosquito people.” said Faminelli.

“And there was an outline of a body in the lake room.” said Meliay. “Like someone got vaporized. Most likely Ann. That person we heard about at the lodge.”

“Ann…” said Dagalin, pondering. “Ann! She was able to leave the room freely right?”

“Yeah, because she didn’t take any of the lifewater.” said Meliay.

“But what if she did?” said Dagalin, fishing out Ann’s diary from the cloak. “You said there were events, right? Something she was super vague about. Did any of it sound like what we were going through?”

Meliay pondered a moment. “Some of it does now, yeah.”

“Was there anything that could be hinting towards how she may have left with some lifewater in her possession?”

“Oh yeah! There was a tablet in the tree back in the lake room. Apparently she had been drinking the lifewater and in order for her to leave, she sacrificed her body for it.” said Meliay.

“So does it like, kill us over time if we use it?” asked Tyria.

“No, I don't think so.” said Meliay. Suddenly, a hole appeared in the dome. Faminelli quickly patched it up, revealing a bit more of her bare chest as the material moved.

“Can we hurry?!” said Faminelli in a slight panic.

“Then what is it?” asked Dagalin. “Do they want the weight of the lifewater in our blood?”

“We took like 2 quarts worth! We’d be dead if we gave that much!” said Meliay.

Tyria’s eyes then widened. “I know what to do!”

“You do?” asked everyone else.

“Yes!” Tyria then looked at Meliay. “The mysterious voice gave me a phrase when I died. I didn’t know what it was for then, but I think I know now.” Tyria held out her hands. “I need all the lifewater, do you all trust me?” Everyone looked around apprehensively.

###

The Stars were piling up heavily on the dome. Covering it entirely with their bodies, chewing through it as best they could. Then suddenly, the dome furled up like an umbrella, flinging some of them away. But the others only saw opportunity and charged in only to see Tyria and the other’s sat on their knees.

Tyria held out her hands. “We’ve come to bargain!” she shouted as loudly as she could. She squeezed her eyes closed, expecting the worst. But nothing happened. She slowly opened her eyes to see all the Stars waiting impatiently. Tyria cleared her throat. “T-Thank you. Um… the lifewater. We… were ignorant of your ways and we understand that we may have upset you by taking it without your permission.” Meliay looked to Dagalin, both giving uneasy expressions. “So, I think it is only right that we make it up to you. Our journey is one of… uncertainty. And we believe that we may encounter threats that we may need help with. That is why we turned to the lifewater. So I ask of you, please let us take this lifewater with us. In return, we offer our bodies!”

Faminelli began to internally scream. “Um… what do you mean by that?” she mumbled. Meliay shushed her.

“Upon our death, may our bodies be the new fuel to replenish the lifewater we’ve taken.” continued Tyria. “All for the health of our beautiful world. We will remain grateful for this gift and the gift of life that the lifewater gave to our planet!” The Stars turned to each other, seemingly having a conference about what to do. Then, they all faced the girls and nodded. Some Stars recombined together to make Stars the size of snowballs. These Stars then held out their arms, telling the girls to mimic them. Tyria gave a sigh of relief and held out her hand. One of the bigger Stars hopped up on it and walked up to her neck. It closed in and bit down on the side of her neck.

Meliay sat up swiftly. “Tyria!” she said.

Tyria grunted in pain. “Let them.” she said. “Hold out your hand.”

Faminelli hesitantly held her hand out. “If you’re sure.” The other two did the same. The rest of the big Stars came up and hopped on as well, biting each of their necks. On their necks appeared a blue symbol, tattooed onto their body. Dagalin noticed this happening on Meliay and concluded this is what happened to her neck as well.

“Aw man, I was actually considering getting a tattoo there.” Dagalin said. The Stars then hopped off their bodies and bowed before heading back to the geyser.

They all sat silently for a moment. “So… our bodies will be used to make the next batch of lifewater it seems like?” asked Meliay.

“Yeah.” said Tyria. “Sorry if you guys were planning to be buried or cremated when you die.”

“I’m in my early 20’s bro.” said Dagalin. “You think I even considered that stuff?”

“Fair enough.” said Tyria. All of them stood and watched as the Stars returned to the geyser, but they weren't going back into the water. They were all surrounding it and shoveling dirt into it, hoping to stem its flow. But the dirt flowed back out and fell down on them, destroying a few.

“They’re trying to patch the wound.” said Faminelli.

“Sucks for them. I’d hate to be on duty for patching a hole.” said Dagalin.

“I can help them.” said Meliay.

“Are you sure?” asked Tyria.

“It’ll be fine. Plus, I’d like to have them more on our good side.” said Meliay.

Dagalin then sneaked up behind her. “Aw, come on. Just admit that even though they just tried to kill us no more than a minute ago, you’re still a big softie that likes to help people.”

Meliay walked towards the geyser. “First, no. Second, shut up.”

“Meanie.” said Dagalin playfully. Meliay couldn’t help but smile slightly. As she approached, the water rained down on her. The pouring, the splashing, it reminded her of how much she needed to pee now. The numbing of the Varnspydir powder in the potion had worn off already, but the diuretic had still filled her bladder to near capacity. She so desperately wanted to cross her legs and hold her crotch, but she refused to do so after the embarrassing display she made of herself in front of Dagalin back in her warehouse. She would just hold it until she found a proper toilet.

The Stars noticed her approach and wondered what she was doing. “I can help, if you’d let me.” she said. The Stars looked at each other and agreed, making way for her. Meliay approached the surging geyser, its roar sending waves of desperation through her body. She raised her staff and said “Isa Mauer!” before slamming it into the ground. Instantly, the geyser was plugged up by a giant slab of ice. As the last drops of water hit the ground, the Stars cheered in celebration. The cheering continued while others dug back into the ground, seemingly returning to the lifewater vein. However, some clumped up together and formed a Star that was the original size they met it in. It approached Meliay and held out its arm.

“Oh? Do you have something for me?” asked Meliay. The Star nodded. Meliay crouched down and held out her hand. The Star placed its arm on her hand and out of its body came a lifewater wisp. Meliay gasped. “Oh my… um, thank you so much.” The Star bowed and ran back towards the geyser, diving into the ground near it and disappearing.

“Meliay! Are you done?!” asked Dagalin, shivering. “Because we’re freezin’ our tits off again!”

“Yeah, I’m coming. But look!” Meliay held up the lifewater wisp.

Dagalin gasped. “Bring that here! We need to contain it.” Meliay quickly ran over and Dagalin took out an empty bottle, catching the lifewater wisp inside and putting it inside her cloak.

“What does that do?” asked Tyria.

“This is what I used to revive you back at Bofford Town.” said Meliay. “I think next time I’ll use it if you’re on your last life or if we need you to get up and move quickly.”

“Sounds like a plan.” said Tyria. Meliay then recalled her staff and had it emanate heat again. As they gathered, Dagalin noticed that Faminelli was putting her hands behind her back, looking quite uncomfortable.

Lance then ran around the corner. “Yo! You guys should see this!” He then inspected them closely. “The hell happened to your guy's clothes?”

“Um… those things were pretty hungry.” said Faminelli with a strained face. “But they’re *Mm* gone now.” She twisted her legs tightly.

“Oh, okay I guess. But seriously I think you guys wanna see this.” said Lance, hooking a thumb around his back.

“Yeah, let’s go see.” said Tyria.

“Wait!” said Faminelli. Everyone stopped. “W-When you were looking for firewood, d-did you happen to find a… a bathroom?”

“Huh?” said Lance with a confused look. “Why?”

“Because-!” Faminelli then gasped, quickly twisting her legs tightly and holding her crotch with both hands. “Because I really need to pee! I’m so sorry! I’ve been holding it the whole time so that those Starfish things wouldn’t find me!”

“Whoa okay, uh… maybe then the thing I have to show you has bathrooms.” said Lance.

Faminelli waddled forward. “Please! Any bathroom will do!” The rest followed Lance to where he was talking about.

Dagalin walked up near Faminelli. “It’s okay, I have to pee pretty bad too.” she said in a slight whisper. Faminelli looked to see that Dagalin was stiff and her legs were crossed. “And don’t look now, but I think our other friend has to go pretty bad as well.” They both took a peek at Meliay behind them, who was uncomfortably rubbing her arm and crossing her legs. But she saw them staring and tried her best to look normal. “See? No big deal, is it?”

“I mean, we might be competing for the same bathroom then.” said Faminelli.

Dagalin thought for a moment and smiled. “Yeah, you’re right. And that gives me an idea.” she said with a slight chuckle.

As they approached, they found Steve overlooking a cliff with his arms crossed. “Well this sure is interesting. The girls gasped as they saw what was just over the horizon.

“That’s… That’s Garmberland!” said Dagalin.

“Ann’s shortcut must’ve really been a thing after all.” said Meliay.

“I just wish it wasn’t full of monsters.” said Tyria.

“How long do you think it will take us to get there?” asked Faminelli, twisting her body with one hand on her crotch.

Steve pointed to her. “Why is she dancing like that?”

“Oh, that’s because she has to pee.” said Lance. Faminelli blushed profusely at this.

“Then just go over the cliff.” said Steve.

“N-No!” said Faminelli, “I’d never do something so unladylike!”

“Plus, it’s cold as tits!” said Dagalin. “Our pee would probably freeze when it comes out, probably our lady bits too.”

Steve sighed. “How bad do you have to go?”

Faminelli clutched her crotch hard, fighting off a wave. “Really bad.”

“Then we have no other choice. I’ll carry you all and we’ll run to Garmberland. We should be able to get there in an hour that way.”

“An hour!” asked Faminelli, distraught. Dagalin and Meliay were both uncertain if they could both make it within that time frame as well.

“The ground is always free, you know?” said Steve, crossing his arms.

“Mm, fine!” said Faminelli. “I’ll just have to hold it!” She approached Steve and he offered his hand. She took it and Steve hoisted her up to his shoulder.

“Now, who’s next?” asked Steve.

“Next?” asked Tyria.

“Yeah, I said all of you, didn’t I?” said Steve.

Tyria turned to Meliay. “Are you fine with it, Meliay?”

“Free ride?” she said with a shrug. “I don’t care.” She approached and Steve hoisted her to his other shoulder.

“Damn, bringing a new meaning to the saying ‘picking up chicks’.” said Lance, impressed with how Steve can nonchalantly hold so many people. Tyria and Dagalin joined soon after, pairing up with Meliay and Faminelli respectively by sitting on Steve’s biceps.

Steve crouched down into a runner's stance. “Okay, the Steve express will be departing in 3, 2, 1, now!” He took off running, startling the girls as they tried to keep their balance as well as control their bladders.

Lance ran from behind. “Hey! Why are we running?!”

“My hour estimate was based on me running full speed. Think you can keep up, short stuff?” said Steve.

Lance looked at Tyria, who was holding Steve’s forearm as he ran. He grew a bit jealous and increased his pace. “No problem.”

As they ran, Tyria thought of something. “Oh yeah, Faminelli. I don’t think we’ve introduced ourselves. I’m Tyria, and this grumpy face is Meliay.” she said, pinching Meliay’s cheek.

“Stop!” Meliay said with a smile. Faminelli chuckled a bit at the sight.

Tyria pointed down to Lance. “And that’s my other friend, he’s Lance. And this guy is Steve, some bar guy we met the other day.”

“Some bar guy huh?” said Steve. “That’s what I am?”

“Well, I don’t know how else to define you.” said Tyria.

“How ‘bout you call me a strong guy. Carrying four people at once is a feat in itself, ain’t it?”

Meliay scoffed. “I can do that too, you’re not special.”

“But… you do that with magic though.” said Tyria.

Faminelli chuckled. “You guys are funny. Dagalin told me you guys were on a quest towards Garmberland to help someone with a curse. Do you guys mind sharing?”

Tyria gave a nervous chuckle. “Yeah. Something like that. You see, the story goes-” Tyria began to explain past events as they ran down the path towards Garmberland.

