I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I'll Die?!

Author: Zentou

*008*2023-08-04 04:20

Chapter 3: A Stupid Escort Mission

Tyria gasped. She was floating in a dark space. Weightless and unable to see anything, she spoke. “Hello?” Her voice echoed within the infinite darkness. As the echoes faded, something responded.

“Come hither child, we have much to discuss.” said a beautiful womanly voice. A mirage of warbling images appeared in front of her Tyria was speechless but enticed. She willed herself to move towards the images.

###

“Tyria!” cried Meliay, cradling Tyria in her arms.

“Oh hell naw! I did not sign up for this!” said the Snake Oiler. She rushed over to the desk and swept everything off of it. She then took off her cloak and laid it flat on the table before sticking her hand deep inside it as if it were a chest. She started to pull out an assortment of random objects and potions. “Nope! That’s not it! Oh, save that for later. Come on, I know I have one!”

“What are you doing?” asked Meliay, cautiously reaching over for her staff.

“Ah ha! Got it!” The Snake Oiler fished out a very pristine bottle from the cloak. It was a simple clear bottle with a wisp inside shedding various sigils from its body. “Here, take this!” She threw it to Meliay.

“What is this supposed to do?” she asked.

“It’s a life water wisp! It will revive anyone you use it on! But hurry, it only works a minute after death!” The Snake Oiler explained.

“How do I use it?” asked Meliay, hurriedly.

“Inscribe her name on the bottle!”

“With what?!”

The Snake Oiler threw her hands up in the air. “I dunno, anything you have on you! A pen, scratch it in with your nails, use your blood if you have to!”

“No, I got something!” Meliay placed the tips of her fingers on the bottom of the bottle and magical streaks of energy laid black ink on the bottle, spelling Tyria’s name. “Now what?!”

“Now smash it over her heart as hard as you can! You have to break the bottle on the first go or else you’ll kill the wisp inside and it wont work! If you love her, make sure you make this count!”

Meliay grit her teeth and clenched the bottle hard. She raised it high over her head and yelled as she used all her strength to smash the bottle into Tyria’s chest. The bottle shattered to pieces and a huge pulse of blue and white energy swept through the room, knocking even more junk on the floor. The firefly lantern went out, plunging the room in darkness.

Tyria immediately gasped for air and her body writhed from the strain. She coughed as Meliay held her close. “Oh thank god, Tyria! You’re okay!”

“No…” said Tyria weakly. “Why did you do that?”

Meliay held Tyria by the shoulders in front of her and gave her a confused look. “Why?! Tyria, you fucking died! What else was I supposed to do?!”

Tyria stood up and backed away from her. “Wait a little longer! I was almost there!”

Meliay stood up with her. “There?! Where is there?! The gates of heaven?!”

Tyria held her head in frustration. “They were trying to-!” But then she got a good look at Meliay. Through the moonlight coming from the windows, she could see streams of tears going down Meliay’s face. Her expression was distraught and her body shuddered with every slight sob.

“I… I really thought I lost you.” Meliay said with a sob.

Tyria gave a soft gentle sigh. “I’m… I’m sorry, okay? I’ll try and explain what I saw.” Meliay whimpered as she threw herself onto Tyria, hugging her so tightly as if she never wanted to let go. Tyria wheezed from the pressure, but eventually hugged her back. The two stood there hugging for what felt like a whole minute, slowly rocking back and forth from one foot to the other.

“*Ahem* You know… we’re both drenched in pee.” said Tyria.

“Shut up.” Meliay mumbled into Tyria’s shoulder. “Lemme have this a little longer.”

Tyria smiled. “Okay.” The two embraced for a little while longer.

Suddenly, the two heard a loud bang on the desk. They saw that the Snake Oiler had slammed a potion bottle on the desk. Meliay quickly pulled away from Tyria and summoned her staff to her hand, pointing it at the Snake Oiler.

The Snake Oiler raised her hands in fear. “Whoa! A bit jumpy today, aren’t we? Relax, it's an ice pack. You know, for this?” She pointed all around her battered face. She then took out a sack and placed the bottle inside, where the whole thing cracked and crumbled into ice chunks. Meliay sighed and retracted her staff. The Snake Oiler placed the sack on her head. “So, I guess that curse was the real deal.”

“You’re the one who pointed it out, Snake.” said Tyria.

“Well yeah, I didn’t lie about the hex healing stuff. The thing is, people cast joke curses on each other all the time. But the joke will be ruined if the afflicted person knows they’ve been cursed. The human body is able to sense all basic curses. So pranksters like to add veil moss or frost mirror into their cursing mixtures, very common stuff. Very easy to detect. A veil moss curse will make water glow when it comes in contact with skin and a frost mirror curse will make the skin glow in any light other than sunlight. And considering that neither of those things occurred when… you know, all this happened.” The Snake Oiler gestured to the pee puddles and the firefly lamp. “I think whoever put this on you was a little more serious.

“You know all this, Snake?” asked Tyria.

“Like I said, I dabble.” The Snake Oiler sat down on a nearby chair and sighed. “Why are you calling me Snake though?”

“‘Cause you’re a snake oiler!”

“I have a name you know! It’s Dagalin, in case you’re asking. And my potions are legitimate! So don’t label me as someone who makes backwater slosh and sells them as miracle cures just because I may or may not have also put a couple knockout pills in them when I sold them to you.”

“You what?!” shouted Meliay, advancing slightly.

Dagalin sunk into her chair. “Okay! In hindsight, maybe that was a bad idea! That is my B! I learned my lesson! But, let the record show, my products are of the highest quality.” Dagalin said her last sentence with a hint of pride in her voice.

Meliay gave an annoyed sigh. “Whatever.”

Dagalin threw her hands in the air. “Didn’t that mana potion max out your mana?! How about that revive bottle? All the tricks I used against you!”

“Not that!” said Meliay. She then turned to Tyria. “We need to talk, in private.”

“W-What for?” asked Tyria.

“And where?” asked Dagalin. “You know this is just one big huge room, right?”

Meliay looked around and saw the bathroom door open. She took Tyria into the bathroom and looked outside the door at Dagalin. “Don’t even think about coming over here!” She then slammed the door.

“Whatever, I wasn’t planning to anyway.” She sighed as she laid back in her chair. A thought came to her. “The hell am I doing?” She threw her ice pack on the ground and went back to her cloak. She pulled out a bundle of white, chalk-like sticks stacked into a pyramid and set it down on the table. She snapped her fingers over it, sparking them and igniting a blue flame on top of the bundle. She then took out an empty bottle, threw in an assortment of ingredients she could find around the warehouse, and snapped the flame again, making it blow out a long stream of blue fire.

Dagalin waited patiently as she swirled the bottle above the flame. After a bit, she held her thumb over the spout, shook it, then took a swig. After waiting a moment, her wounds began to heal very slowly. But she was dissatisfied. “Too slow.” she said to herself. She then dove through all the junk in the warehouse. “Come on, I know I have a couple more bottles of the stuff.” She clattered through things until she found what she was looking for. “There you are!” Out from the pile of junk, she pulled out a bandolier of bottles. It held 5 bottles of Varnspydir powder, with one slot missing.

She took a bottle and brought it over to the desk. There, she glanced at her nearby measuring tools. “Nah, I’ll just eyeball it.” She popped the cork of the Varnspydir powder and tried to pour it into her potion. But it was clumped together in the bottle. Dagalin grunted in annoyance and gave the bottle an extra hard shake, making an extra large clump go inside. “Oops. Oh well, should be better that way.” She mixed the drink again over the flame and took a swig. She retched, forgetting that Varnspydir powder made potions taste super bitter. She took a deep breath and hyped herself up before downing the whole thing in one gulp. Suddenly, her wounds began to close rapidly. It burned somewhat being helped that fast, but it was worth it. Her nose snapped back into place and her back straightened out to the sound of popping bones.

“Hoh god!” she said, tensing up as the pain subsided. “Now for the real test.” She bent down and did a backflip in place. There was no pain whatsoever. “Yes, it worked! I’m da best!” she silently cheered to herself. After the celebration, she wiped her nose and noticed dried blood. “Now to clean that up.” She moved over and crouched over a bucket full of water meant to catch the leaky roof water when it rained. It may or may not have been a couple days old, but she didn’t care. She picked up a towel nearby and washed the blood off her face.

But just then, a feeling she was expecting to come made itself known. Her legs crossed instinctively and she felt her lower body start to feel like static. “Uh oh…”

###

Meliay slammed the door to the bathroom. There they stood, two girls stood across from each other with barely any space and only a small singular toilet separating them.

Tyria scratched her head. “Well, what did you wanna talk about?”

Meliay hot straight to business. “What did you mean by what you said earlier?”

“That huh?” Tyria sighed. “You remember what I told you when I peed the first time?”

Meliay nodded. “You said you had visions pointing you towards Mushroom Falls.”

“Yeah. It’s just that this time, it was something different. Someone called out to me in a vision. I think… I think someone is trying to help me!”

Meliay’s jaw dropped. “Really?! W-What did they say?”

“They said something like, ‘The potion peddler will be a pertinent power in your particular quest. They will-’” Tyria stopped.

“What’s the rest?” asked Meliay.

“I don’t know.” said Tyria. “You pulled me out before they finished telling me.”

Meliay sighed. “Damn. I guess… maybe I did overreact.”

“Meliay.”

“No. You’re the one that told me 10 times right? And you died and came back once already right? Why would this time be any different? And now you missed out on some important information.”

“Melaiy!” Tyria grabbed her by the arms. “I’m thankful that you’re still concerned for me to such a degree. Don’t sweat about it too much. I heard enough to know about what to do next. But, I’m not sure if you’re going to like it.”

Meliay sighed, already knowing what it meant. “Do we really have to take her with us?”

“I don’t see why not. The voice told me too and they haven’t led us astray yet. And she isn’t very strong. You noticed how she never directly fought us, she spent the whole time running. And despite what she did, her potions do work wonders.”

Meliay pondered for a bit. “Fine enough I guess. But how will we convince her?”

“She was the one looking for a way out of town right? I don’t think it will be too hard.”

Suddenly, the two heard a slight knock at the door. Meliay groaned. “Ugh! What did I say about coming over here?!”

“I know I know!” said Dagalin on the other side of the door. “But- *Nnh!* I inhaled the Varnspydir powder earlier too. I need to go pretty badly and I don’t think I can hold it for very long. Can you guys hurry up?”

Meliay got an idea. “We… don’t have to convince her right now, do we?” she asked silently.

“What do you mean by that?” asked Tyria.

Meliay extended her staff and gave Tyria a mischievous grin. “Let’s say we get a bit of payback, yeah?” Tyria smiled at her idea.

###

“Come on guys! This is really mean! I have to go really bad now!” said Dagalin, holding her crotch and crossing her legs tightly. She was being hung slightly above the ground with golden energy. Meliay and Tyria watched with smiles on their faces while sitting on a beach chair and loveseat respectively. That sat in front of the blue fire Dagalin made earlier, stripped down to nothing but their underwear. Their clothes sat close to the fire, drying off after the two tried their best to wash off the pee.

Meliay fondled her staff as if she were admiring a bouquet of roses. “Don’t worry. I just think it’s fair that we all experience the same things together.”

“It’s not fair!” shouted Dagalin, squeezing her eyes shut. “You’re the one that shot the Varnspydir powder and breathed it in!”

“But what were you doing with such a substance?” asked Tyria jokingly. “Little girls shouldn’t have such dangerous stuff on them!”

“I’m 22! I drank beer until I couldn't stand! I’ve smoked weed! I’ve even *Nnah!* had sex! *Mmnh!*” Dagalin squealed and a tiny wet spot appeared on her crotch. She tried her best to hide it from the girls, but Tyria pointed straight at it.

“Look! A little bit came out!” said Tyria with a laugh. “I gotta say, this is actually pretty exciting! I’m shaking in anticipation just waiting for it to happen.”

“I didn’t make a show out of your guy’s need to pee!” said Dagalin, who leaked another gush of pee through her fingers.

“Don’t lie!” said Meliay. “I saw you giving us googly eyes back then. If anything, you were enjoying it!”

“How did you…” Another leak gushed through her pee hole, this time getting a few drops to hit the floor. “I mean, you’re lying! You’re lying! You’re lying! You’re lying!” Dagalin shook around in protest, which only served to weaken her control even more. She gasped and bent over as her pee hole opened slightly, starting a constant trickle. “Guys! Please! I’m not kidding! I am really losing it! Please let me use the bathroom!” Dagalin whimpered as she twisted her body and crossed her legs as tight as she could. But the stream continued to gush through her fingers, occasionally pulsating more powerful spurts. Pee drops started to splatter on the floor like a light rain.

“Okay, okay.” said Meliay, “I’ll throw you a bone.”

This smidge of hope was enough to inspire Dagalin to clamp her numb pee hole shut, though it was still taking her maximum effort to remain so. “R-Really? You’ll let me-”

“I think it's the gravity.” said Meliay with a smirk. “Maybe if I just turned you upside down, you could hold it better.”

Dagalin panicked. Her body was slowly being turned upside down. “No! Please don't do that! Come on! These are really my only clothes!”

“Don’t you have your cloak?” asked Tyria.

“W-Well, yeah.” said Dagalin, her hair starting to point towards the ground. “But the material is like… not great. If I wear it too long without anything underneath, it’ll start to chafe my boobs.”

Meliay laughed. “What boobs?! Do you even have anything under that padded armor?”

“Ah! Now that is the meanest thing you've said to me all day! My pristine breasts are the perfect shape for B cups! So humble yourself, your boobs dont even compare to Tyria’s!”

“Oh ho!” shouted Tyria. “I told you! I freaking told you! Mine were slightly bigger!”

Meliay scoffed. “Alright, I’m speeding this up!” She pounded the end of her staff into the ground. Dagalin quickly swung straight upside down. The shock made her gasp and restarted her constant trickle. Tiny dark streaks of pee started to snake their way down the belly of her skin tight suit.

“Okay! Okay! I’m sorry! Please stop!” begged Dagalin. Her legs crossed tightly and her hands squeezed as tightly as they could. But now the position was awkward and it felt like her hands weren’t applying any pressure at all.

“Nope! You pissed me off! So hurry up and pee!” Meliay retracted her staff into its compact form and she swung it up and down like a wand. Dagalin whimpered as she shook up and down in the air. Each time she went up, her pee would squirt out like an open bottle on a bumpy road.

“No! *Mnh!* I can’t! *Hmn!* Hold it any longer! Ah!” With one last high pitched squeak, Dagalin felt her dam break. Pee flowed full force through her suit and hands, falling down like a waterfall over her upper body. It pooled up in her hands and drenched every dry area of her suit with pee, even traveling slightly upward into her thighs as the material absorbed the pee.

“Whoa! Look at her go!” said Meliay.

“Woooooo!” cheered Tyria, clapping her hands as she watched.

Dagalin stretched her head out as much as possible, bracing for what was coming. Streams of pee came out of the suit near her neck and trickled down across her face. She closed her eyes tightly as it came down, soaking her hair and trickling off of their tips. Pee splattered on the floor like a showerhead, pooling up rapidly and spreading far and wide, eventually combining with the two other puddles.

“Oh…” said Dagalin in a dejected voice. “This is so gross.” The stream started to slow down and the pee cascading down Dagalin’s body finally dried up. She blew the pee off of her lips and slowly opened her eyes. “Are you guys happy now?”

“I’m better,” said Meliay. “Don’t know about happy though.”

“What?! What else do you guys want from me?!”

“Our stuff for one.” said Tyria.

“It’s here! I swear! You just gotta find it!” said Dagalin, flailing her arms about. “I’ll-I’ll even help you guys look!”

Meliay sighed. “As long as you make yourself useful.” She waved her staff and the golden energy around Dagalin dissipated. However, she dropped face first into her own pee puddle, splashing her whole face in it. She quickly sat back up and spit out the pee and rubbed her eyes. “Ah! Why though!? Haven’t I been through enough?! I’m sorry, okay! I’ve learned my lesson, I swear!”

Tyria and Meliay stood up and began to sift through the junk in the warehouse. “Notice that this is the first time you’ve actually apologized for what you did to us.” said Tyria.

“Nuh uh! I said sorry earlier!”

“That was for the breast comments.” said Meliay. “The other one was for the actual crimes.”

“I just…” Dagalin’s voice cracked. “Could you guys stop already?”

Tyria looked at Dagalin. She was sitting on her knees in her own pee puddle, not even an ounce of her suit was dry anymore. She looked like she was on the verge of tears. Tyria sighed. “Fine, I guess you’ve had enough.”

“I disagree.” said Meliay.

“We shouldn’t be too hard on her, especially if we are going to ‘employ’ her in our plan.”

Dagalin raised her head. “Plan?”

“We’ll tell you later.” said Tyria. “But if everything goes well, we maybe probably kinda sorta MIGHT take you along to Garmberland.

Dagalin’s eyes lit up and she stood straight up, residual pee dripping from her bodysuit. “Really?! You’ll actually take me?!”

“She said maybe.” said Meliay. “Make yourself useful and maybe we’ll consider it.”

Dagalin quickly saluted, unintentionally flinging pee drops at the other two girls. “Yes Ma’am’s! And while we’re at it.” Dagalin pulled the zipper down from the back of her suit, peeling it off and stripping down to her bare skin.

“Whoa! Hey!” said Tyria, turning away.

“What are you doing?!” asked Meliay, shielding her face.

“Oh my god, who cares. We’re all girls here, right?” Dagalin said. “You two already seem pretty comfortable with each other already. And besides,” she leapt onto the desk and crossed her legs seductively while leaning into her cloak, “We can have some of these.” she said in a sing-songy voice. She took out a fancy wine bottle out of the cloak and popped the cork. “I think we can all lose some stress.”

“I don’t really think that’s a good idea for Tyria.” said Meliay.

Tyria then quickly walked over and snatched it out of Dagalin’s hands. “Don’t care, gimme.” She held the bottle above her head and gulped it down as fast as she could. The wine flowed so fast that it started to flow out of her mouth. The foam streamed down her chin and slowly crawled down her breasts, slightly dampinging her bra. Meliay looked with wide eyes. Her nose started to bleed slightly from the arousal. But she quickly wiped it away.

“I-I sometimes worry that you may be an alcoholic, Tyria.” said Meliay.

“Hey! That stuff is expensive! Save some for the rest of us!” shouted Dagalin, trying to wrestle the bottle out of Tyria’s hands. The three bickered into the night, each drinking their fill of the wine.

###

The morning light crept in through the windows. The birds chirped and the wind blew gently. There in the warehouse, which was somehow cleaner and messier with everything pushed to the walls, laid Meliay on the floor. She was sleeping and her underwear were both on the verge of falling off her body. She moaned and she turned to a more comfortable position. Then an arm reached around and held her tightly. Meliay smiled, liking the embrace.

The arm ran its fingers around her body seductively, tracing around her midriff and breasts. Meliay couldn’t help but slightly laugh. She coiled up, aroused from the stimulation. Then the arm slowly moved under Meliay’s bra and slowly caressed her boob, being sure to run its fingers slowing along her nipples. Meliay chuckled and held the hand caressing her breast. “Tyria.” she said.

“Oh? Is that who you think of when I do this?” said a different voice.

Meliay gasped and stood up, holding her bra and panties in place as she stepped back. She saw Dagalin laying next to where she was sleeping, wearing nothing but her cloak that barely even went down to her hips. “What the hell are you doing?!” she asked.

Dagalin sat up and stretched her arms in the air. “Well good morning to you too, Meli. I just thought we were getting to know each other better.”

“That was just straight up sexual assault!” shouted Meliay.

“I dunno, you seemed pretty into it at first.” said Dagalin with a teasing smile.

“Shut up! You just… caught me off guard!”

“Well I would like to know more.” said Dagalin, laying back down and resting her head on her hands, swishing her legs back and forth in the air. “After all, that little outburst yesterday probably has a really juicy story behind it. ‘Tyria, I… I love you!’”

Meliay flipped Dagalin over with her foot and grabbed her by the collar of her cloak. “You never heard that! Do you understand?”

“Um, I’m not sure its a good idea to bottle up your feelings like that-”

Meliay slammed her head into the ground. “DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!”

“Yes! Ow!” Meliay let her go and Dagalin rubbed her head in pain. “Forgive me for trying to help out with your relationship issues.”

Meliay walked over to her clothes after adjusting her underwear. She picked them up and felt them for any dampness before putting them on. “The hell do you know? We just met you yesterday! Don’t pretend like you know a damn thing about us! If anything, the only reason I don’t throw you out the door is because Tyria needs you for something!”

Dagalin looked to the side and pointed. “You mean that Tyria?”

Meliay looked over just as she slid her arm through her robe sleeve. Tyria was sitting on her loveseat, sleeping and drooling off to the side. Her posture was somewhat uncomfortable looking and her bar had fallen down her body, exposing both her breasts. Meliay was embarrassed beyond belief. “Oh my god.” she said to herself.

“Quite perkier down there than I imagined.” said Dagalin, inspecting Tyria’s breasts.

Meliay sighed. “Tyria! Wake up!”

Tyria jumped in her seat and snorted. “Huh? Whaaa?”

“We overslept. We should’ve got moving ages ago.”

“Oh…” Tyria then rubbed her forehead, feeling a lingering hangover. “Augh… we should get going.” She stood up and looked around for her clothes.

Meliay cleared her throat and held Tyria’s clothes in front of her. “And for god's sake, try and look decent.” She then threw the clothes into Tryia’s arms.

“Uh… yep, got it!” Tyria said Frantically, quickly fixing her underwear and getting dressed.

###

Dagalin snapped the end of her suit’s sleeve onto her skin. “It’s good to be back.” she said confidently. She turned around and waved her cloak aside, making it billow in the air.

“I wish I could say the same.” said Tyria, holding an ice pack to her head. “I really went crazy last night.”

“Thankfully, my ice pack from yesterday never melted. Another showing of my skills as a potion maker.” said Dagalin.

“Enough of that.” said Meliay, laying down Tyria’s map. “We have to plan out our next movements. They have to be efficient and safe.”

Tyria and Dagalin both stood over the map. “If I pee 9 more times, I’ll die for real?” she read. “So that’s how the curse works.”

“Hey, mind your business.” said Meliay.

Tyria raised her hand. “No, it’s okay. If we’re gonna take her with us, I think we should have as little gaps in knowledge as possible so we don’t have to bog ourselves down with secrets.”

“Look, I know I told you to tell me what was happening because I was your friend. But Dagalin is someone you just met yesterday!” said Meliay in protest, "You can’t trust her with this information.”

Tyria sighed. “Meliay, please.”

Meliay hung her head down in defeat and groaned. “After kicking a weirdo witch out of our hometown, she was cursed to… not be able to pee more than 10 times or she dies. And everytime she pees, she will die for a short amount of time as a sick ‘reminder’.”

Dagalin stepped back, somewhat startled. “Wow… that’s definitely something.”

“You don’t believe us, do you?” asked Tyria.

“No, I sort of believe you. Sort of hard to discredit you after you dropped dead last night.”

“So as a hex healer, do you think you could dispell it yourself?” said Tyria.

“Hard to say.” said Dagalin, pondering with her finger on her chin. “I could test to see which ingredients were used to affect you. But I don’t think you have that kind of time.”

“What does learning about the ingredients help us do, and why won’t we have enough time?” asked Meliay.

“Simple. I learn the ingredients and I can use counter ingredients to dispell some aspects of the spell. But, these days there are so many ingredients that it would take a week to sift through them all. Unless you’re really good at holding your pee or you can go several days in a row without drinking anything, which is unhealthy in itself, I don’t think we can identify them and procure counter ingredients in time.”

Tyria then put down her ice pack. “What if I knew the ingredients already?”

Dagalin looked at her confused. “How? Without a decent potion maker or hex healer, you wouldn’t be able to know any of them.”

“The day that she cursed me, she made me watch in my dreams. She used Plyast Wheat, Syndenelle Seeds, A Crows Skull, the Brain of a Dream Eater, and… my own pee.”

“Okay… yeah, alright.” Dagalin started tracing her fingers across the air and mumbling to herself. “No, this isn’t gonna work.”

“What, why?” asked Meliay. “You said you could get together some counter ingredients.”

“Yes, I did, and I still can. It’s just that dispellling a curse one ingredient at a time will change the context of the curse, which can have huge consequences if not handled delicately.”

“What do you mean by that?” asked Tyria.

“I mean if I dispell the Syndenelle Seeds, you’ll just die the next time you pee. If I dispell the Crow’s Skull, Tyria will just not be able to pee ever again after her 10th pee, in which she will still die because her bladder will rupture inside her body without getting rid of the pee. A much more painful way to go. I could dispell the pee part, but I would need your pee because it works like an on and off switch. But you know, if you pee, you die. And without any action being linked to the curse, it would mean that you would die if you did 10 of literally anything.”

“Then we just get rid of the death part of the curse, which gives us less pressure to counter the others, right?” asked Meliay.

“We would need the Soul of a Dove.” said Dagalin. “And unless you got more tricks up your sleeve or an exorbitant amount of money, I don’t think we’ll be siphoning souls any time soon.”

Meliay slammed the table in frustration. “Dammit! Then what are we even traveling for?”

Dagalin raised her finger. “I wanna ask that as well. What exactly are you looking for in Mushroom falls?” she asked, tracing her finger along the marked path of the map. “There aren’t any ingredients that way.”

“When I died the first time, I saw a vision,” said Tyria. “One of a spiraling pool of magic. I’m not entirely sure what it is, but it must be some kind of hint to dispell the curse.”

“Spiraling pool of magic?” asked Dagalin, sort of shocked. “You actually saw a spiraling pool of magic?!”

“Y-Yes? You seem surprised.”

“Only one thing could have that kind of description. A mythical location that any up and coming potion maker would hear about. It’s a Pool of Balkara.”

“What is that?” asked Meliay.

“A portal to the birthplace of all magic in our world.” Dagalin then fished a book out of her cloak and opened it, tracing her hand along the words. “If you guys didn’t know, our world originally didn’t have naturally occurring magic. From what historians know, the ancient ones used the natural gifts of the earth using weapons that could fire projectiles to slay their enemies from miles away.”

“That’s absurd!” said Meliay.

“That’s what they thought too,” said Dagalin. “But they found evidence of a weapon that they made that could eradicate an entire city. It was so strong that it even had the potential to poison the very air for miles upon miles, all across the land. And as a result of some kind of government dispute, they employed hundreds or even thousands of these weapons on each other and everyone else got caught in the crossfire. Eventually, the world was poisoned, and all life ended.” Tyria and Meliay silently listened, enticed by the story.

“Historians can’t quite agree on the next part. Whether it was from the colliding destructive forces or simply from a sense of pity, Pools of Balkara first appeared around the world. Out from them, the first gods of our land stepped foot upon the barren wasteland. Seeing the destruction, they spread their own magic across the lands. Soon, the greenery grew back, wild life thrived, and the humans came back to walk the earth once more. Because of their gifts, magic became a naturally replicating resource within all living things. And the magic from another world mixed together with old life of this one to create new things. That’s why we have new races, monsters, and demons.”

“Okay, the history lesson is nice and all, but how does this help Tyria’s curse?” asked Meliay.

“To be honest, I’m not really sure. But the waters contained immense amounts of foreign magical power. With it, maybe we can create a substance that can cure any curse. There's a problem though.”

“And that would be?” asked Tyria.

“All the portals were closed in order to hurt the dark lord enough to slay him 20 years ago.”

“Was it because he was drawing upon their immense power?” asked Meliay.

“No, it was because he was using the waters to create super potions to fund his campaigns. A truly vicious business man. His whole regime was supported so much by that endeavor that cutting him off from it significantly weakened his foothold on his captured territories. Even one of his four generals, Styanar, supposedly stepped down because of this blow. Because of his absence, it was significantly easier to take out the dark lord on that fateful day.”

Meliay held her hand up. “Enough. I think I get the big picture. We go to this pool and use the water to create a super cure, right? Simple enough.”

“No, not simple enough. Like I said, all of them were closed. They are now history. And there’s never been a recorded location at Mushroom Falls.”

“But that's all we have, Dagalin. We have to go there and search.”

“I mean, I’m up for it. We can find many of the counter ingredients in the Dragonback Mountains so we can use them as a backup plan. But there’s also another problem. All the ingredients you told me about are all catalysts, you never told me what the base is. Without the base, counter ingredients will only work for a limited time. It will depend on which base, but you’ll practically be on life support your whole life until you find a counter to the base. Are you sure that was all you saw?”

“Yes, that was all.” said Tyria.

“Then the pool is still our best plan.” said Meliay. She crossed out one more circle on the map and x’d out the 9 and wrote 8 underneath it. “Stock up with whatever you guys can find here, we leave in 20 minutes.” Meliay stepped away and started to sift through the junk.

Dagalin slid over behind Tyria’s shoulder. “You know, I always imagined you being the leader of this group. But now I’m starting to think Meli is the leader. You’re not worried about getting overshadowed are you.”

“What? No.” Tyria said with a slight laugh. “She's just my friend. And she’s really passionate, focused, and calm.”

“Just a friend, is that all she is?” asked Dagalin. She noticed Meliay give a quick angry glance at her before going back to searching for equipment.

“Well, my best friend. We have been ever since we met as teenagers.” said Tyria.

“Uh huh.” Dagalin then reached into her cloak and pulled out Tyria’s sword. “Here, I found this for you last night after you went a little… you know, girl crazy.”

Tyria took the sword from Dagalin’s hands. “Oh, uh, thanks?”

Dagalin crossed her arms. “Well don’t seem too enthusiastic.”

“I mean, you did steal it.” said Tyria, strapping the sword to her waist.

Dagalin sighed. “Yeah that’s fair. Anyway, I’m pretty good to go already.” She started to pull various things out of her cloak, seemingly out of nowhere. “I got food, drinks, potions, potion ingredients, back up weapons, the works.”

“Hey, what’s this?” asked Tyria. She fished a red gem out of a crate and showed it off to Dagalin.

Dagalin gasped. “No! Don’t touch that!” Suddenly, the gem vibrated in Tyria’s fingers. It flew out of her hand and attached itself to Tyria’s sword on the hilt. Dagalin quickly came in and unsheathed Tyria’s sword, trying to pick the gem out of the hilt. “No no no!” Then, the gem clicked into place and a red aura surrounded the sword. It whirred with power and Dagalin sighed in defeat. “Awwwww!”

“What did that do?” asked Tyria.

“The Manefestite combined with the Displacium metal your sword is made of. And now, your sword can change into whatever weapon or tool you want.” Dagalin explained with a sad voice.

“Whoa really! Lemme see!” She snatched the sword out of Dagalin’s hands and swung it around a bit. “How does it work?”

“Touch the Menefestite gem and simply think what weapon you want and it will transform.”

“Really?” Tyria pressed her thump on the gem and thought hard. Suddenly, it changed to an ice hook with a metal shing. ‘Whoa, that’s so cool! What else, what else. Uh-” The ice hook then changed to a huge dagger, then a shield. Tyria then got a smile. She turned the metal into a flower. She chuckled as she approached Meliay. “Hey, Meliay. I got you a gift.” She handed her the flower.

Meliay took it graciously, blushing slightly. “Oh, thank you Tyria. This means… wait, is this your sword?”

“Yeah, I can change it into whatever I want now.”

“But what about the memory? Is it still there?”

Tyria’s heart sank. She quickly snatched back the sword and changed it back to its original form. She ran her finger across the flat side of the blade. A light shined from it and showed a hologram of a woman. She had brown hair and had the same red eyes. “Tyria. If you’re reading this, then-” Tyria ran her fingers across the blade again and the hologram disappeared.

Tyria gave a sigh of relief. “Good, it’s still here.”

“Who was that?” asked Dagalin.

“It was my mom. She gave this to me just before she died and she left it with a message.” said Tyria. “It's the last thing I have of hers.”

“Oh, that’s sweet.” said Dagalin. “I can see why you really treasure that sword.”

“Yes.” said Meliay, struggling to pull something under a giant pile of junk. “So do well to not mess with her stuff anymore.” Meliay pulled even harder. “Any more of your antics and we may just be a little less forgiving!” Meliay then pulled a spear out from the junk, making the rest clatter to the floor.

“Augh! Can I get a little faith from you?” said Dagalin, crossing her arms. “If we’re gonna travel together, we need to trust each other.”

“I trust Tyria, I don’t trust you.” said Meliay, slamming the end of the spear on the ground.

“I mean, what are you even going to do with that?” said Dagalin, gesturing to the spear. “It may have a fiery Meteor Ring, but I’ve never been able to get it to work.”

“Did you even say the magic word?” said Meliay.

“I’m sure that saying please won’t get it to work either,” said Dagalin.

“Guys please!” said Tyria, standing between them. “We should stop fighting!”

“I’ve been trying, but Meli keeps antagonizing me!” said Dagalin.

“For good reason!” said Meliay, snapping the spear over her knee. “I wouldn’t touch you with a 10 foot staff!”

“What the hell?!” shouted Dagalin. “That was one of the few things I got legitimately! Sure it may be because I counted cards in a poker game, but that was mine!”

“Well, considering its made of Haddonlite metal, and you can’t seem to use it on your own, I think it will have a lot more use in my possession.” Meliay held the spear head over the head of her staff and swirled them around each other. In a flash of light, they combined, turning the head of the staff into an emblem of a flower.

Dagalin gasped. “You magic forged my spear?

”MY spear! You still have a debt to pay and this doesn’t even come close to what you owe!” Meliay pressed a button on her staff and the flower emblem split in half as a spear head jutted out with a metallic shing.

Tyria then held Meliay back. “Meliay please! Just let it go, okay? She’s gonna work with us now!”

Meliay pushed Tyria aside and pointed her spear at Dagalin. “Like hell! Who’s to say that she won’t ditch us as soon as she gets the opportunity? We both know she’s enough of a trickster to pull it off! I say we just leave her tied up here, we get the Balkara water, then come back and force her to make the cure!”

Dagalin held her chest as she talked. “Is that all I am to you? The trickster of a local town wanting nothing but mischief? I am a person, Meli! I am more than that, I assure you!”

Meliay held her spear tightly and jutted it just out of reach of Dagalin, making her flinch. “The name is MELIAY! I am not your friend! You will always be a nuisance! And you need to stay out of my way!” Meliay pointed the spear head at Dagalin’s head. “Spitha!” Dagalin gasped and ducked to the floor just as a huge jet of flames fire from the staff head. It surged through the air and quickly scorched the wall.

“That's enough!” said Tyria. She turned her sword into a sickle and clawed Meliay’s staff out of her hands. The staff clattered to the floor, extinguishing its flames while its spear head glowed red hot.

“What?! Tyria! You’re taking her side!?” shouted Meliay.

Tyria placed her finger on Meliay’s lips. “No! Shh! Let me talk first!” She stepped back and took a deep breath. “All this arguing is a huge waste of time! Meliay, please try to give an ounce of trust for Dagalin. She told us where our stuff is, she helped you revive me, she even gave us information about the curse, I think she learned her god damn lesson. If you both need space. Dagalin will travel in front, I will take the middle, and Meliay can take the rear. You guys are stressing me out so much and I can’t even take my morning pee! So will you both please chill the fuck out and can we just go already?!”

Meliay and Dagalin were stunned. Tyria’s display reminded them of why they were on this journey to begin with. Meliay sighed and recalled her staff, retracting it into its compact form. “Fine. I will wait outside.” Meliay stormed through the door and slammed it behind her.

Tyria was breathing heavily. She walked over and helped Dagalin up to her feet. “Hey, are you okay?”

Dagalin looked away. “Why do you trust me?” she asked in a sad tone. “Maybe she’s right, you know? I haven’t been anything else. I’ve survived on the streets by conning, stealing, and lying. I’ve had to my whole life. Why do you think now would be any different?”

“Dagalin.” said Tyria. She sat Dagalin down in a nearby seat. “It’s because I believe in people’s ability to be better.” Dagalin gave a slight gasp and looked up at Tyria. “My friends back home taught me that. I learned that for myself at one point too. You remind me of myself back when I was little. I had to survive on the streets myself for a while too. That was until someone found me and decided to help me out.”

“Was that Meliay?” asked Dagalin.

Tyria chuckled. “No. She didn’t show up until much later. It was actually a friend of mine called Lance.” Tyria smiled as she reminisced. “Well, more than a friend. A… a crush.” Dagalin gasped at the revelation, covering her mouth with her hand. Tyria held a finger over her lips. “Shhh! Don’t tell anyone, okay?”

“Oh ho ho! I promise!” said Dagalin with an excited smile.

Tyria sighed. “Anyway. Lance was a quirky little boy back then. He met me with, how do I put this, not entirely ‘pure’ intentions.”

“Oh come on! Don’t tell me you got lovestruck by a boy looking for pretty girls.”

Tyria chuckled and playfully pushed Dagalin away. “No! Let me finish!” Dagalin laughed as well. “He saw what kind of trouble I was getting into and saw it as an adventure. It was a pretty boring town so he musta thought it was exciting. At first, he competed with me, trying to steal stuff before I could get to it. That was until, you know…” Tyria held her head up prideful and brushed off her shoulders, “I kicked his fuckin ass!”

“You didn’t!” said Dagalin, surprised.

“For real! I did it two more times too! And I guess he got tired of getting beat because one day he asked to work together. I, reluctantly, agreed. And that day, we made off with so much stuff than we knew what to do with. I assumed that the stuff we stole would be the stuff we kept to ourselves. But he wanted some stuff I had, and to be honest I wanted some stuff he had too. So he suggested we trade and barter. Simply business. But then he started giving gifts, no catch. Simply because I was his friend, he said. It was so weird to me that somebody would care for me like that back then.”

“Wait a minute.” said Dagalin, “You were surviving on the streets, right? Did something happen to your parents?”

Tyria grew mellow. “I… ran away. My father broke after my mother died and he took it all out on me. So at age 9 I declared that I was running away and never coming back. And I never did. I ran to the nearest town and slept in the rain under the floorboards of the porch of a local tavern. I ended up in Kinida. My new hometown. 2 years later, I met Lance. Then a year after we met, he asked for my backstory too.

I told him what I told you. That was the first time I saw him without a smile. It was unnerving. This joyous and mischievous boy that reveled in adventure, suddenly not who he was anymore. I thought I scared him away. I apologized, I even tried to cheer him up, I was so scared of losing him, my only friend. But do you know what he said?”

“What?” asked Dagalin in a whisper.

Tyria combed her hair back with her fingers, somewhat imitating him at that moment. “He said ,‘Do you wanna stay at my place?’ I was shocked. I never thought he would ask something like that. Of course I said yes. We went to his place and sneaked in through his bedroom window. His room was a mess when I first saw it. But he stammered about, trying to clean it up the best he could. He even threw out all the toys in the closet so he could make a bed for me inside. We feared that his parents would disapprove of me since I was pretty infamous in town. No one knew he was involved in our schemes since he was more on the stealth side and served as a distraction for me to steal things. I won’t say it was a clean transition, though.”

Tyria laughed to herself. “Like, there was one time where I was able to take my first proper shower in years without having to drench myself in rain. He showed me all these washing products and how to use the shower, something I didn’t have at my old home. But he forgot one thing. After I was done, I put on a towel the way I heard him describe one time before. But the way I put it on was the way boys are supposed to wear it. So I went inside his room, all bare-chested.” Tyria and Dagalin laughed heaps.

“You should have seen his face! It was redder than a demons!” Tyria sighed and calmed down. “I didn’t even last a month before I got caught. But his parents were super welcoming. They taught me etiquette, how to cook, and how to choose and wear girly clothes as I had been wearing Lance’s hand me downs. But despite that, we continued our antics. We planned our heist, we executed it, got chased by angry adults, got away and reaped the rewards at home, then angry adults would show up at our house, Lance’s mom would apologize and give the stuff back, she’d scold us, we’d laugh in private, then repeat. It was like that for a while. But then we decided to steal from someone we absolutely shouldn't have. Can you guess?”

“No way!” said Dagalin. “Don’t tell me that was Meliay!”

“The very same. We heard that she was having a birthday party. And we were psyched! You see, she’s the daughter of some local nobel class people. And knowing nobels, there had to be cake at that party. We wanted some as it would’ve been the first time we would’ve tried one. And then, we got caught. And Meliay did a lot more than just yell at us. She threw us in her personal dungeon.”

“You guys were enemies when you first met too!” said Dagalin, holding her face in surprise. She then crawled onto Tyria’s lap and got up in her face. “How did she forgive you? How did you become friends? How can I make friends with her like you did?”

Tyria pushed Dagalin back by the face. “Calm down there, Dagalin. I’ll save the rest of the story for Meliay to tell you.”

“What?!” said Dagalin, sitting back down. “You have to tell me! There’s no way she’ll tell me anything! Why?!”

“To motivate you.” said Tyria, pointing up with her finger. “You see, I can believe that you can be better all I want. But in the end, nothing will change until,” Tyria pointed at Dagalin’s heart, “You believe you can be better.”

“Me?” asked Dagalin, somewhat confused.

“Remember what you asked. ‘Why do I trust you?’ In the grand scheme of things, my response doesn’t matter. It all comes down to you. As long as you think you are making a difference, as long as you think you can be better, that’s all that matters.”

“Really?” asked Dagalin, her eyes full of hope.

“Yeah, for sure. And if you keep at it, I’m sure Meliay will come around and she’ll tell you her half of the story. But only if you continue to be your better self and to believe in it.”

Dagalin smiled. “Yes! I will try! Thank you, Tyria!” The two hugged and laughed with each other. Outside however, Meliay was leaning on the door, listening to their conversation. Her eyes were heavy in thought.

###

The sun was now high above the girls as they traveled on the path towards the Dragonback mountains. Dagalin traveled up front, Tyria took up the middle, and Meliay headed up the rear. Though they traveled together, they each stayed about four feet away from each other. The tension in the air was so thick that she felt like she was wading through water completely submerged. And the last thing she wanted to think about was water. Her morning pee urge had gotten substantially worse since they left. Who knew it would’ve been so bad to ignore the morning pee.

Tyria tried to think of something else to break up the tension. “So… uh, Dagalin. I noticed that you don’t wear shoes. How do you do that without getting your foot coated in dirt?”

Dagalin rubbed her nose. “Hehe! You wanna know my secret?” She bent down and looked through the space between her legs. “It’s a concoction I made when I couldn't stand stepping on pebbles anymore.” She then jumped up with a twirl. “Being a street survivor, I found it hard to acquire footwear. Particularly unlucky with them I guess. Anyway,” She took a potion out of her cloak and splashed a bit on each foot. “A slash of this stuff and it feels like I’m wearing shoes and it keeps them clean as a bonus too! Plus, I tried shoes before. But they just didn’t have the same feeling as running on my feet, you know? I can just move a lot better without them and all that.”

“Oh that’s cool. Do you think you could sell that?” asked Tyria.

“I tried once. But adventurers are sticklers for their full armor sets. I guess I don’t blame them. This stuff doesn’t give them any boosts like armored boots will.”

“Ohhhhh!” said Tyria, acting extra interested. She gave a glance back at Meliay, who was staring back at her.

“I know what you’re doing.” Meliay said in a whisper. “I’m not gonna. Someone has to be cautious.”

“Oh come on!” Tyria whispered back. “She’s still trying! Can’t you try too?”

“No”

Tyria groaned. She then sighed, her expression becoming unamused at the thought of the thing she was about to bet on. “I will give you… 1 friend coupon.”

Meliay stopped walking. “Really? Me just talking to her will grant me 1 friend coupon?”

Tyria stopped as well. “Yes! I really want this to work! I believe you and Dagalin can get along. So can you at least try a little bit?”

Meliay pinched her chin and pondered. “Make it 3 and I’ll do it.”

Tyria gasped with such a high voice that her voice cracked. “3?! Do you know how crazy that is?!”

“Do you know how crazy talking to that thug is?” asked Meliay. She then continued walking, going past Tyria. “No coupons, no deal.”

Tyria writhed her body around, holding her head in frustration as she groaned. She then ran and caught up with Meliay. “Augh! Fine! 3! 3 god damn coupons! Anything you want! I will do it those 3 times!”

Meliay looked at Tyria. “Promise?”

“When have I ever said no to a friend coupon?” said Tyria.

Meliay sighed. “Fine, I will humor you for the time being. Deal.”

“Oh thank god. Just don’t ask anything too crazy, okay?”

“Of Dagalin or of you?’

“Both!”

Meliay couldn’t help but smile a bit. “Alright, no promises on that front though.”

“Thank you!” said Tyria.

Meliay took a deep breath. “Hey uh… Dagalin?”

Dagalin looked back. “Y-Yeah?”

“That cloak of yours. I find it pretty interesting. How are you able to pull any item you want out of it?” Meliay asked.

Dagalin gave an excited gasp. “Oh! You noticed! It’s one of my favorite things I own! Here, lemme tell you about it!” She then somersaulted backwards until she was walking beside Meliay. Meliay discreetly held the button to her extendable spearhead on her staff. “It all started when I was little, there was this man-”

Meliay took a sharp breath. “Oh my god…” she said with a slight hint of regret.

###

The roar of a waterfall filled a cavern. A huge hole in the earth showed the forest peeking in from above. Sunlight beamed down from the clear sky. The girls splashed around in the underground lake below where a waterfall poured into, bathing their bodies. Their clothes were placed neatly on a mossy rock near the edge of the lake.

“Haaaaah!” said Dagalin, splashing water high above her head. The water dripped down her skin in tiny little beads. “Finally, a shower! I can finally wash the pee out of my hair! It’s been feeling pretty waxy all day. Anyway, that’s how I transferred the enchantment of a bag of holding to my cloak.”

“And you did so just because you thought it would be cool?” asked Tyria, washing between her breasts with a foamy soap.

“It’s practical too! I don’t have to reach into a bag to get my stuff! I can just reach behind me! Like a pocket shelf!”

“And why did you have to include the parts about this apparent father figure of yours?” said Meliay, rubbing her soap on her arm. The foam cascaded down her midriff in streams, pooling up and dripping down from her crotch and wrapped around her legs. “I mean, he got you the cloak off a ruined tarp from an abandoned shop. Then he just kinda disappears from the story after that.”

“I kept it a secret from him. It was the first gift I got from anybody so it means a lot to me. He may think I threw it away after I got proper clothes, but I refitted it into a cloak. A super cool cloak!”

“And I was just interested in the properties of the cloak. I didn’t need all that story with it.” said Meliay coldly.

“Oh come on! But that’s like a third of the appeal! One for the application, one for the story, and one for how damn sexy I look in it!”

“That last one is subjective.” said Meliay.

“Oh bullshit dude! What about your staff? I’m sure you’re proud of the story behind that.”

Meliay crouched down into the water, rinsing her body off. Her pussy was clearly exposed underneath the clear water, waving around in the refracted light. “Well-”

“Guy?!” said Tyria in a sort of panicked voice. The two looked over to see her grabbing her crotch with one hand and dancing in place. “I just realized how badly a need to pee and a waterfall mix together! Can we hurry?!”

Meliay and Dagalin both quickly washed their bodies. “Yep got it!” said Dagalin.

“We’ll be out of here as soon as possible!” said Meliay.

###

“I am the daughter of some pretty renowned staff makers.” said Meliay. The girls were now all walking down a path between a bunch of dark green pine trees. Sunlight barely peeked through down on the path. “But for some reason, I couldn’t get it right whenever I tried to make a staff. It wouldn’t work, it’d work too much and shatter the whole thing to pieces, it wouldn’t cast the right spell, the whole gallery of disappointment.”

“Then is this one your first successful one?” asked Dagalin, pointing at Meliay’s staff as she used it like a walking cane.

“No, this one was the result of years of training and honing my skills.” she swung it around to show it off. “This is staff 167. My latest and greatest creation. It’s name is *sigh*... Chris an’ the Mum.”

“Chrysanthemum?” asked Dagalin.

“No. The literal words ‘Chris and the mum’.”

“Pffft! But why though?”

Meliay pointed her staff at Tyria. “You have that one to thank for that.” Tyria looked back and shook her hand with her thumb and pinky pointed out, sticking her tongue out like a rockstar in the process. “You still suck, you know that!” said Meliay. Tyria laughed out loud and continued walking on.

“Funny name aside. Why did you let her name it that?”

“Between us three friends, me,Tyria, and Lance, we have a friend coupon system. We use them as bargaining chips if we ever really want something from someone, that way we can always get something we really want back from them. I gave her one back when I just became her friend to cover up a certain ‘incident’. Then she always saved at least one until I made the staff, where she used it to name the staff herself. And, here we are.”

“Did you have any that you used on Tyria?” asked Dagalin.

“I did once, but…” Meliay thought back to the day just before her 18th birthday. The sight of Tyria’s body on full display in her bed is still fresh in her mind. The giggles and moans echoed in her mind. “That was a very special day that’s only for the two of us to know.”

“Whooooa.” said Dagalin, immediately guessing as to what kind of day it was in her head. “How did you and Tyria become friends anyway?”

“Nope!” said Meliay.

“Huh?” asked Dagalin, confused.

“Nuh uh!”

“Wha-! The heck you mean ‘nuh uh’?!”

“I don’t wanna tell you.”

“Come on! We had such a nice thing going! What if I told you another story of mine? One that is very personal to me.”

“Shoot, anything to pass the time.”

“Then you’ll tell me how you and Tyria became friends.”

“I may or may not.”

“Better than nothing! So, let me tell you about how I became and potion/hex healer-”

###

The girls were now climbing an incline. The trees grew sparse, the air became cold, and snow started to appear on the sides of the path. “-that’s when I decided that I needed an edge over my competitors! Something that can really sell my… you know, ‘misguided truths’.”

“You mean your cons?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin raised her arms defensively. “Hey, you said it, not me!”

“I said what they really were. You continuing to dance around the issue proves that you knew what you were doing was wrong.”

“Okay, conning! Fine! Anyway, the point was that everyone was selling custom blends that do different things. People were making mana potions that also increased speed, health potions that also increased strength, strength potions that also made you invincible for one hit. Me? I just had to use whatever I could get my hands on. That’s when I found something. A cart of Varnspydir powder crashed near Bofford Town, the town you guys met me at. I snuck out there and managed to grab 6 bottles. But that stuff was everywhere in the air when I collected them. So when the people who owned the cart came back, I hid somewhere nearby.

But I didn’t know what breathing that stuff did to people yet. So after like 10 minutes of waiting for my opportunity, I needed to pee really bad. I thought I had just lost track of my need and kept waiting. 5 minutes later, pee came gushing out and I couldn’t do anything about it. The cart owners heard the pee trickling out of my suit and chased after me. I got away of course, but I did not have a good time for the next couple days. When I got back to my warehouse, I had to pee super bad again and peed my suit again before I could make it to the toilet. I was humiliated. I had to move around town at night butt naked to find a wash rack I could ‘commandeer’ to wash my suit. When I eventually did find one and started washing, I had to pee again, so I peed in the person's flowers. I felt so bad. Then on the way back, I barely made it back in time to use the bathroom proper.

I spent the next day sitting in my warehouse sitting near the bathroom. I couldn’t do anything because I breathed so much of that stuff. Of course during that time, I found out what Varnspydir powder did. I was unamused. But during that time, I got so bored. So I decided to make it a game. I held it as long as I possibly could between each bathroom trip. My longest during that time was 2 and a half hours. I was having fun. That was when I realized that… I lik-” Dagalin caught herself. “Actually, you know what, maybe I’ll keep that to myself.”

“Suit yourself.” said Meliay, half paying attention.

“Guys look.” said Tyria, holding her hand up in the air. In her palm, she caught a single snowflake. “It’s snowing.” Meliay and Dagalin looked up to see that it indeed was snowing. It all fell slowly around them. It all felt so surreal, like being caught in a dream.

“A thought just occurred.” said Meliay. “Do we have winter clothes?”

“No. Shoot, why didn’t I think of that?” said Tyria.

Dagalin gestured to her suit. “This is all my clothes right here.”

“Ugh, then this trip is about to get real uncomfortable really fast.” said Meliay.

Tyria pointed down the road. “How about them?” she asked. She pointed at an old log cabin near the side of the road. “Do you think they’ll lend us any?”

“I hope so.” said Dagalin. “I don’t have enough potions to keep us warm for the entire trip across.”

###

The girls walked up to the cabin, their breaths now fogging up in the air as the temperature began to drop. On the door was a sign, with another, redder, sign underneath.

“Welcome to Ann’s Dragonback Mountain Range Expedition Service Lodge.” read Meliay.

“WADMRESL? What a stupid acronym.” said Dagalin. Tyria then shushed her.

Meliay continued on. “We are happy to announce our 50th anniversary in service. For a limited time, we are offering a free marked map that will guide travelers across the Dragonback Mountain Range. Fully annotated and detailed with specific instructions and landmarks to guide even the most dimwitted of travelers. Here’s to another 50 years.”

“Well how nice of them.” said Dagalin.

“There’s more.” said Meliay. “We regret to inform you that we will be suspending services indefinitely until we can find our dear Ann. She has disappeared and we are all worried for her. I hope she is still safe, god rest her soul. Her loving husband, Jax.”

“Oh… now I’m sad.” said Dagalin.

“There’s a date on it too. This sign was placed here about 5 years ago.”

“So no one’s been home for a while.” said Tyria, rubbing her shoulders from the cold. She then rubbed her legs together. It felt like her need to pee was rising faster in the cold. “I don’t think they’ll mind if we look around.” Tyria made her way inside. Somehow it was colder inside than it was outside. The shock made Tyria have to hold her crotch momentarily. “Damn it!” she mumbled.

“You okay Tyria?” asked Meliay.

“This cold is making me need to pee more. Is there a place where we can light a fire?” asked Tyria.

Meliay spotted a fireplace. She popped her spearhead out and pointed her staff at the wood inside the fireplace. “Spitha!” A jet of flames shot out of the spearhead momentarily, igniting the wood and startling Dagalin.

“A warning would be nice!” said Dagalin.

“Get used to it. I’m gonna look for winter clothes. Tyria, you stay here and try to get warm.” said Meliay.

“Way ahead of you.” said Tyria, crouching near the fire. Meliay then went to inspect the other rooms.

Dagalin looked around the main lobby, finding a rack of papers. She blew on them and the dust blew off in a giant cloud. “Look! I found the maps they were giving away for free!” She took one and opened it up on the table near Tyria.

Tyria looked it over. “We gotta pass three mountains. Two of which are connected to the middle one with rope bridges.” She then spotted some little subtext under each bridge saying, ‘Built and maintained by the Ann expedition team!’. Tyria’s confidence dropped a little. “If they’re still there.” She looked over it some more, tracing lines and connecting them to trails barely visible because of the snow. “Okay, seems simple enough.”

“How long do you think this will take?” asked Dagalin.

“If we’re lucky and the weather never gets bad, I’d say about 3 days.” said Tyria.

“Damn. That’s a while, and you already have to pee. How many times do you think you’ll have to go?”

“I don’t want to think about it. I’d just like to go as fast as possible.”

Meliay called from the other room. “Guys, I found something interesting!” She walked back into the lobby with three sets of winter gear. One red, one blue, and one black. “By the way, here you guys go.” Meliay gave the red and black gear to Tyria and Dagalin respectively. Tyria then noticed that she was holding a book.

“What’s that Meliay?” asked Tyria.

“Ann’s diary.” Meliay said. “The last entry is really… ominous.” She cleared her throat and began to read. “I feel it. My time is coming. I must head out to the well tomorrow if I want to rest in the place I wish to. I’m sorry, my dear husband Jax, my 25 year long secret will leave you unable to say goodbye. I just cannot even tell you about it, I must keep it safe. But do not be sad for my passing, be happy that we happened to begin with. Look back to our happy memories until you are finally ready to join me in heaven. Your loving wive, forever and always, Ann Kaforous.”

“Ooooooh… now I’m really sad.” said Dagalin.

“There’s a bit more. The word ‘well’ was underlined and there is a frantic and angry scribbling beneath the entry saying ‘There’s nothing there!’, also underlined in great frustration.”

“Whoever wrote that must’ve tried really hard to find her.” said Tyria.

“You don’t think whatever’s out there will come for us, will it?” asked Dagalin.

“No.” said Meliay. “I skimmed the rest of the entries. It’s not like some thing, it’s a place. Supposedly she stumbled upon it when scouting for a possible underground route that could get us to Garberland in just a few hours. Looks like she found it, but she didn’t describe where it is or what it looked like. She even said something happens in those tunnels, but she calls them ‘events’. She was so worried about people finding this that she made her descriptions super vague.”

“But she did find it, right?” asked Tyria. “Do you think we can use it?”

“But Tyria, whatever was there, lured her there to be her final resting place. Who’s to say if it won't take over our minds and make us die there too?” said Meliay.

“I’d rather take that risk than risk going through mountains where the weather can get bad and bridges can be collapsed. There’s a reason a trade route hasn’t been established through this mountain range. Only lightly packed adventurer groups come through here if they don’t wanna go to the northern cities and take a ship into Garmberland. That would take a week in itself.”

“I still don’t like the unknown.” said Meliay. She started to put on her winter gear. “Dagalin, do you happen to have a potion that can help Tyria hold her pee?”

“Uh… I do actually.” said Dagalin, somewhat surprised herself. She fished out two bottles from her cloak. “I was experimenting and I managed to create two different ones. One will close your pee hole shut for about an hour, but taking it while you’re just about to lose it will make it hurt like a motherfucker. Not enough to kill you, I’m sure. But don’t expect to last any more than that singular hour.

And the other will basically shut down your kidneys. You’ll start to feel like absolute shit after a while since there is no waste being filtered out of your blood. This one will also last an hour, but at the end of that hour, I was forced to make it so that the potential pee you would’ve made in that hour will fill your bladder at 10x’s the rate. Or else you would still feel like shit for a long time after that hour while your kidneys play catch up. So say if you would’ve made 300 milliliters of pee in that hour, which is like 50 milliliters every 10 minutes, you will fill your bladder with 300 milliliters of pee in 10 minutes after that hour. But the feeling of your blood getting cleansed of that waste all at once will be euphoric, it feels really good lemme tell you.”

“How many do you have?” asked Meliay.

“Uh…” Dagalin sifted through her cloak. “One of each.”

Meliay sighed. “Then we’ll have to use them wisely. Let’s head up the mountain.”

Tyria stood up, putting on her own snow gear. “I still think we should find the route. If we can get to Garmberland in a couple hours, think of how much time we’ll have to search Mushroom Falls.”

“Even if we could take it, we don’t even know where to find it.” Meliay threw the book down on the table, making its knitted cover fall off. Dagalin took notice and started to peel it off. “Ann said it was in a well. Where are we gonna find a well in all of these mountains, Tyria?”

Tyria looked down. “Yeah… you’re right. It could be anywhere and we don’t have time to look.”

Dagalin then snapped her fingers. “Yo uh, what’s this?” she asked, pointing at the now exposed cover. Meliay came over and saw markings on it. It was a circle that said home. An arrow pointed away from that circle towards another circle that was blank.

“What does this mean?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin bounced around excitedly. “Oh oh! I think I know! Lemme see that map!” Dagalin held the map over the book cover on top of the table. She then took out a bottle and slammed it down. The bottle glowed with blue light. Dagalin swished it around to increase its intensity. “Back before I was stuck in Bofford Town. Someone taught me how to read these secret maps.” She put the bottle between the map and the book cover. “This will make the paper see through and now we can see the book cover. Now we just need to line this up with something.”

“Where would home be?” asked Tyria.

“The lodge we’re in, duh.” said Meliay.

“Let’s try it.” Dagalin found the ledge on the map and aligned the markings to it. “Huh, if this is accurate, then it's just up the hill, no more than 2 miles from here.”

“Well there we go!” said Tyria with a clap of her hands.

Meliay gave her a concerned look. “I still don’t like it.”

“Well I don’t like having to waste a ton of pee-lives going across this mountain range.” said Tyria. “Let’s just go check it out real quick, and if we can’t find anything, then we can just come back here since it's so close. Barely any time lost. How about you Dagalin? What should we-”

“Secret tunnel!” Dagalin said, throwing her arms up in excitement.

Meliay sighed. “Of course…”

“Now then, let’s go find that secret tunnel!” Dagalin said, pointing her illuminated bottle towards the door.

Tyria gasped. “Meliay, your clothes!” Meliay looked down to see her bare body seemingly being exposed in a hole in her clothes. She quickly covered herself up.

“What the hell!” she said in surprise.

“It’s happening to mine too!” said Tyria, trying to cover her breasts and pussy.

Dagalin laughed. “Oh yeah, I forgot! This light can make clothes see through also. You see it's a concoction made in the great war meant for quick identification of where wounds on soldiers are without having to take off their armor. That’s pretty neat, right?”

Tyria calmed down and lowered her hands. “I-I guess?”

Dagalin held it over to Tyria, revealing her body. “Yeah?” Then over herself, twisting her chest slightly in a seductive way. “Yeah?” She then held it over to Meliay. “Yeah-” Meliay smacked it out of her hands, smashing the bottle on the ground where the light diminished. “Awwwww.”

“Enough messing around, let’s hurry up.” said Meliay, walking out of the lodge.

Tyria and Dagalin watched her go out. “Your friend is no fun, you know that?” Dagalin whispers to Tyria.

“Oh I know all too well.” said Tyria. “Come on, let’s go!”

“Oh wait! I didn’t put my gear on!” said dagalin. She frantically tried to put the winter gear over her head while at the same time tripping over herself trying to get the pants on. Once she finally did so, she took the diary and stuffed it in her cloak just in case

###

The girls made their way up some stone stairs, outlined with big rocks on the side. The cold wind began to pick up a bit. It chilled Tyria cheeks to the point that they started stinging.

“We’re almost there!” said Dagalin, leading the pack. Once she was over the last of the stairs, she stopped in place, seeing something ahead. “Well that’s… weird.”

“What’s weird?” asked Tyria. Once she made it up, she saw it. “Oh… wow.”

Meliay then made it up. “Oh my god.”

There was a well in front of them alright, but it was the thing growing out of the well that creeped them out. Thick green and luscious vines were pouring out of the well and slithered away from it. A sweet air was pouring out of the well, leaving a slight fog

“What… is that?” asked Tyria.

“Nothing good.” said Meliay. “I say we leave before we fuck around and find out.”

“No wait!” said Dagalin, crouching down to inspect the vines. “I think I’ve seen this before. It was… it’s um… it’s…” Dagalin rapidly snapped her fingers. “Damn it! It’s right on the tip of my tongue!”

“We don’t have all day for you to figure this out.” said Meliay in an annoyed tone.

“I'm pretty sure it isn’t dangerous. But if only I can remember what it's called! Maybe we can still go down it.”

“No thanks.” said Meliay.

“Yeah… I kinda don’t wanna either.” said Tyria. “It tends to be common sense to stay away from scary plant holes.”

“Guys come on! What if this is the shortcut Ann mentioned?” said Dagalin.

“The book also said there was supposed to be nothing here.” said Meliay. “Maybe Jax knew this plant was here, but there was still nothing it led to.”

“Okay, maybe you’re right. But at least let me check first. Just to make sure once and for all.”

“Then by all means, you first.” said Meliay.

“You’ll see.” said Dagalin. She looked inside the hole and noticed that it was pretty small. “I’m gonna need to take my snow gear off for this. My slender body should be able to fit right in!” She quickly threw her snow gear off her body. Feeling the drastic change in her body temperature, she shivered, rubbed her limbs together, and took several breaths before-

“He----ou guys----re?” shouted a voice.

“Huh? Did you guys hear that?” asked Tyria.

“I did.” said Meliay.

Dagalin gave a shivered sigh. “I swear to god! Let’s hurry up and figure out who so I can stop freezing my tits off! Freakin’ blue balled me!”

The three decided to peek over the side of the cliff. Unbeknownst to them, a couple of vines raised out of the well, ominously pointing towards the girls.

The girls saw a single person down by where they were. He looked like an ant due to the height. “Who is that?” asked Dagalin.

“-re--yo----ys----her!” shouted the person.

“I have no idea.” said Meliay. “I can’t tell from this high up.”

“-e--nee---o---alk! Co--ba--!” shouted the person again.

“WHAT?!” shouted Tyria as loud she could, cupping her hands around her mouth.

The person visibly looked around in frustration before putting their all into their next shout. “COME BACK!”

“Come back?” asked Meliay. “Wait, you don’t think it's Jax trying to warn us, do you?”

“It's not dangerous!” said Dagalin. “Maybe it's because we’re trespassing?”

Tyria then had a massive realization. “No wait! Meliay, didn’t you hear that signature rasp in the back of their voice? It’s-”

Suddenly, vines sprung forth and snapped onto Dagalin’s body, wrapping themselves tightly. Dagalin looked up unamused. “Okay, I just ask the two of you that if I somehow make it out of this, you will not hold it over my head for the rest of my life, okay?” She was then suddenly jerked back and held over the well, scaring the daylights out of the other two girls. “Help me!” Dagalin shouted before being forcefully tugged into the well, disappearing in one quick slurp.

“DAGALIN!” shouted Tyria and Meliay. They both ran over to the well and looked down it, but it was filled with so many vines that they couldn’t see Dagalin anywhere. Tyria grit her teeth and acted purely on instinct. She drew her sword, turned it into an ax, and chopped at the vines.

“Tyria! What are you doing?!” asked Meliay.

“Give us back our friend you damn monster!” Tyria shouted. She then swung her ax and cut one of the vines clean off. The well gave a very loud and wet roar as the vines writhed around in pain. Another vine whipped out and grabbed Tyria by the abdomen. It wrapped so tightly that it absolutely crushed Tyria’s bladder, making her forcefully leak into her panties before she could react. “Oh shit!” she quickly said while clutching her crotch. But then the vine held up high and forcefully forced her down the well also with one big slurp.

“NOOO!” shouted Meliay. She ignited the end of her staff along the ground and raised it above her head. “GLETTINGS-!” A vine whipped around her ankle and pulled her aside, making her fall face first into snow. It then raised her high again, getting ready to stuff her down the well too. “No! I won’t let you!” Meliay shouted. She extended her spear and slashed at the vine on her leg the best she could. She almost got through, but two more vines grabbed her by the arms. She tossed and she screamed as the vines threw her down towards the well.

Before she was forced in, she saw an upside down glimpse of someone reaching out their hand to her before she was slurped by the well. Her vision was replaced by darkness and vines.

