Genshin Gal Omorashi - Page 2

Author: Zapp Renfro

*025*2023-11-12 18:13

A/N: Finally, Miko! Though this is the end of the series as it was commed for my spouse, as he lost interest in Genshin Impact, I'm always willing to write more stories in this series if anyone is interested in commissioning that, as well as pretty much any pre-Fontaine Genshin omo. (Fontaine would involve a research fee as I no longer actively play)

Work Text:

As soon as Miko realizes that she needs to pee is usually the time that she makes an excuse so that she can go take care of that. And, if she were with anyone else right now, then she would do exactly that. But since she is with Aether, the idea to try and play this up, and have a little fun with the boy is too tempting for her to resist, and she knows exactly what she can do to tease him. It is hardly the first time she has tried something just for the sake of teasing him, and she knows the sort of power that she holds over the traveler, how desperate he is to be close to her, even to be teased a bit more.

She decides to bring some desperation of her own into their relationship, in the form of ignoring her need and letting it build more and more, as the two of them spend time together. Of course, it isn’t going to get to the point that she can’t hold it any time soon, so she decides a little acting might be in order, if she is going to make this more interesting.

She wants to see what he does when he notices, or if he notices at all, and if it excites him even nearly as much as she thinks it is going to. Knowing him, he will be into the sight of her squirming as she tries to hold it, and she will never let him live that one down. And she will know that she can tease him with it over and over again, turning him on so easily, any time that she has to pee.

For right now, she starts squirming a bit, shuffling where she is, acting distracted and agitated. She is slow and subtle with it, or as subtle as she can be, when this is something that she would normally never do, and so, it takes a bit before he actually notices that something is off. When he asks her if anything is wrong, she says no, and at first, he believes her, but he keeps stealing glances at her whenever she squirms, becoming more and more frequent, and slowly, she can see him figure it out.

His cheeks turn a deep shade of red and he looks away. Got him.

After a little while, she whimpers, biting her lip and making sure to wear a nervous expression when he looks at her. Really, it is so out of character for her that it should be obvious, but somehow, Aether remains oblivious to the fact that she is putting on a show, and just looks concerned, asking again if she is okay. Once again, she “lies” to him, her actions directly contradicting what she says.

The more time passes, the more she increases her actions, putting a show of really needing to pee, but not wanting to admit it to him. He can’t help looking at her, face nice and red when she squirms and whines. He bites his lip, as if he is trying to hold back from asking her again, but she can tell that he really wants to ask, that he really wants to know if the problem is what he thinks that it is, when she is making it so very obvious that that is exactly what bothers her.

Letting out a louder whine, she says, “Do you think we could take a little break soon?”

Aether jolts at her words, before saying, “Oh, well, of course, I mean, we weren’t really doing anything specific, so, um…if you have to…”

Miko jams a hand between her legs while he is trying to figure out what to say, and that causes him to fall silent, face bright red, unable to look away from her while she holds herself and squirms, looking like she is so desperate that she is on the verge of wetting herself. By this point, she is rather desperate, but she would still be able to make it with plenty of time, and does not have to put on such a show of holding herself. It just feels more fun that way, and she wants him to see her like this, to see how he is going to react.

“I don’t think I can make it,” she says, her eyes darting down. Finally, she sees a rather obvious bulge in his pants, something that he can’t hide from her. He is definitely into it, just like she wants him to be, but he tries to act like he isn’t, tries to give her a chance to save herself.

“Well, do you need any help? I could-” he starts, but Miko does not even let him finish his sentence.

“There’s no way for me to make it now, not when I can’t keep my hands off of you!” With that, she pounces, jumping onto him and stunning him so much that she is able to pin him to the ground beneath her. Aether looks up at her in confusion, just as she decides to give up on her little charade, or at least play the part of finally losing control.

With that, she empties her bladder as she holds it down, letting it soak through her clothing and then through his, and he stiffens as soon as he feels it and realizes that she is pissing on him. And then he moans out for her, unable to keep it to himself just how much he enjoys it. As Miko pisses on him, he grins up against her, losing himself in his arousal, too far gone to even think about what he is doing. He just knows that he wants to stay like this, to be able to feel just like this, for as long as this moment may last.

When her stream finally slows to a stop, she looks down at him, grinning as she says, “Looks like you liked that even more than I thought you would, hm?”

