Trying to catch a break (A Bleach Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-28 18:24

A/N: Another Peecember fic

Today is way too busy of a day for Hanataro. Busy days never mean anything good for him, and whenever he is run ragged, it is usually because a lot of people are hurt. He is needed every which way, and he does what he can to keep up with that demand, doing his best to make sure that he is quick and does not keep anyone waiting for too long. That being said, that means that his day is entirely ruled by factors outside of his control, and he is not able to take any time to worry about himself.

Which presents a problem when he first realizes that he needs to pee.

It is likely not the first sign of the need, either, judging from how sharp the twinge from his bladder is. More than likely, he has had to pee for a while now, and just did not notice because he has been so all over the place. Now, though, it is impossible to ignore, and even when he tries to push it to the back of his mind to keep focusing on his work, it just keeps coming back to him, to remind him that he has let himself get rather desperate.

Hanataro is not sure what to do about that, considering the fact that he has had no chance for a break so far, and likely is not going to get any sort of break, not for a while yet, not without asking for it first, at minimum. But if he asks for a break, he’s just going to make himself look weak, even amongst his squad, and he’s trying his best to build up a better reputation. Hanataro doesn’t want anyone doubting if he deserves to be where he is right now, so of course he can’t do anything that might mess that up.

So he just keeps ignoring his rapidly growing urge to pee, ignoring the way that his bladder continues to protest his every movement. It seems as if, now that he has finally registered said need, that he can’t push it out of his mind, and that it continues to get rapidly worse for him, the longer he spends not doing anything about it. Of course, it would get worse over time, but this seems a bit more intense than that. Hanataro is getting desperate, and he really does not know if he is going to be able to handle that much longer or not.

Maybe a lull in his work will come up soon enough. Maybe if he just keeps holding it, then it will all be worth it in the end, and everything will be just fine. Of course, that is seeming less and less likely by the moment, his movements becoming stiff as he tries to avoid anything that might make it more difficult on him. Just a little bit longer, he keeps telling himself, even though he really has no idea how much longer he actually has.

Whenever he can afford to be still for a moment- though he is never completely still, not with the way that he keeps fidgeting- he presses his thighs tightly together, as if that might help him keep it under control. It really does not offer all that much relief, not when he is already this far gone, but he still does what he can, still praying that he will be able to hold it until there is some sort of opening.

The only problem is, he is starting to realize that there will only be an opening if he makes one for himself. As much as he does not want to just run off and risk not being around when he is needed, he really does not know just how much more his poor bladder can take. And, honestly, he is not sure if he wants to find that out. Going missing for several minutes is a lot better than wetting himself in the middle of healing someone, when anyone would be able to see him doing it, including the patient, and more than likely one of his superiors.

It is so bad that he can’t really move swiftly anymore, so he moves as fast as he is able to. Anything to avoid losing control, anything to get somewhere private, before it’s too late. But it is already too late, he realizes, and much to his horror, he understands that he is not going to make it. The only thing he can do is disappear down a deserted corridor before the floodgates finally burst.

Hanataro’s shoulders sag as he begins wetting himself completely. For a moment, he is so caught up in the bliss of his relief that he does not fully register what he is doing. It feels too good to just be able to empty after being so fully for so long, and it is only when he hears the splatter of urine on the floor, having completely soaked through his clothes, that the horror of what he is doing finally sets in.

It doesn’t last long, though. Hanataro is tired, and this has only further exhausted him. He knows that he should be horribly humiliated, and he knows that he is going to have to put in some quick work to make sure that no one catches him like this, but even that does not feel like it is worth worrying about right now.

Right now, he really is just glad to have emptied his bladder. As long as no one finds out about this, then he supposes that he really has nothing to be humiliated about. This is something that he can easily keep to himself, so once he is done, he takes a moment to catch his breath, before he starts thinking about what he can do about this, and how he can make sure it is dealt with quickly enough that he is not away from his work for too long.

And, again, he has to make sure that no one else finds out he has done this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

