[Commission: theman08] Grace's Wet Workday

Author: zsopkxa

*000*2025-12-07 14:08

Grace’s alarm blares at 8:17 AM—seventeen minutes late. She bolts upright, sheets tangling around her legs as she fumbles for her phone. The gray blazer hangs precariously off the edge of her chair, one sleeve already crumpled from last night’s half-hearted attempt at ironing. She yanks the olive pants up over her hips, buttoning them with one hand while grabbing her coffee thermos with the other. A splash of cold brew hits her wrist—no time to wipe it off. The clock on her phone mocks her: 8:29. Grace shoves a granola bar between her teeth like she’s loading a musket, chewing fast enough to crack a molar.

The wrapper flutters to the floor—she’ll pick it up later. Maybe. Coffee sloshes dangerously as she bolts for the door, her blazer sleeve catching on the knob. The elevator ride down is thirty-two seconds of hell. She watches the numbers descend like a countdown to disaster, thumb tapping against her phone to refresh her calendar. One meeting at 12:00, another at 2:15. No time for lunch. Her stomach growls in protest. Grace slams her car door shut, wincing as the seatbelt buckle presses into her bladder.

The coffee sloshes in her stomach—not enough to be desperate yet, but enough to make her shift uncomfortably against the leather seat. Traffic inches forward at a glacial pace, and she drums her fingers on the steering wheel, mentally calculating every red light. The office building looms at 9:02. Two minutes late. She power-walks through the lobby, clutching her bag like a shield, the receptionist’s judgmental glance burning into her back.

The elevator's full. Grace swallows a curse and takes the stairs. Grace’s fingers fly across the keyboard, the Excel grids blurring into a mosaic of numbers and conditional formatting. Her coffee sits abandoned, now lukewarm—the third cup this morning, and it’s starting to ache in her bladder. The investor presentation glares at her from the second monitor, half-finished slides mocking her with their empty bullet points. 

She swallows hard, crossing her legs under the desk. The clock ticks toward noon, and she knows the bathroom break isn’t coming. Not with twelve minutes until the meeting, not with the CFO already hovering outside her cubicle like a vulture. Her stomach knots. Grace adjusts her blazer with stiff fingers as she walks toward the conference room—her steps measured, her breathing shallow. The spreadsheet printouts tremble slightly in her grip, edges damp from where she'd clenched them too tightly in the bathroom stall earlier. She clears her throat before clicking to the first slide, forcing her voice steady as laser pointers dance across pie charts. Every pause in her presentation feels like an eternity, her bladder pulsing in time with the PowerPoint transitions. Someone coughs. The clock ticks. Grace clicks to the final slide—"Q&A"—with fingers that barely conceal their tremor. The investors murmur approval, but all she hears is the blood pounding in her ears, the pressure building low in her abdomen like a dam about to break. She sits with mechanical precision, thighs pressed together under the table, smile frozen as someone asks about quarterly projections. The meeting wraps at 2:03 PM. Grace doesn't stand—can't risk the shift in pressure—just nods along to handshakes while her nails dig crescent moons into her palms. The last executive leaves, and she exhales through clenched teeth, calculating the distance to the nearest restroom in desperate strides. Grace's phone buzzes violently in her pocket—another calendar alert. 3:15 PM: Brand Strategy Pitch. She curses under her breath, thighs welded together as she power-walks down the hallway, her heels clicking a frantic SOS against the linoleum. Every step sends a fresh jolt of desperation through her pelvis, her bladder pressing against the waistband of those damned olive pants like an overfilled water balloon about to burst.

The conference room door looms ahead. Grace inhales sharply, fixes her blazer with shaking hands, and steps inside—legs still crossed at the ankles, smile tight enough to crack porcelain.

The creative director's already mid-monologue about "disruptive paradigms." Grace sinks into her chair with glacial caution, gripping the armrests like they’re the only thing keeping her from disaster. Grace crosses her legs with surgical precision as the meeting begins, her olive pants stretching taut over her thighs. A bead of sweat trickles down her spine—she counts the PowerPoint transitions like seconds on a bomb. When the VP starts droning about market penetration, she feels the first treacherous warmth seep into her panties: just a whisper, barely enough to dampen the fabric. Her pen snaps between her fingers.

The leak stops as suddenly as it started, leaving her skin prickling with shame and the ghost of relief. Across the table, an investor adjusts his tie while asking about quarterly growth. Grace digs her heels into the carpet, her smile brittle as she murmurs, "Let me pull up those projections." The meeting drags on, each slide bleeding into the next like molasses dripping from a spoon. Grace's foot taps an erratic rhythm under the table—not nervous energy now, but full-blown desperation. Her fingers twitch toward her abandoned water bottle before she remembers it's half-full and pulls back as if burned.

@@Across the room, the CFO nods sagely at some bullshit pie chart while Grace's bladder screams in Morse code. Then it happens—a sharp spasm she can't contain. Hot wetness spurts against the thin fabric of her panties, soaking through to the olive dress pants in a spreading patch. Grace jerks upright, thighs slamming together so hard the chair creaks. Her breath hitches as she clenches every muscle from her abdomen to her knees, teeth sinking into her lower lip hard enough to taste copper. For one excruciating moment, everything holds. Grace’s control shatters like dropped porcelain. She lurches upright—too fast—and feels the floodgates give way completely. Hot urine gushes down her thighs in pulsing streams, darkening the olive fabric instantly as it soaks through her pants. She bolts for the door with wet heels squeaking against the polished floor, leaving tiny puddles in her wake like breadcrumbs of humiliation. The bathroom door slams against the tile wall as she crashes inside. Too late—her pants are already ruined, clinging to her skin with cold, sticky shame. Grace grabs a wad of paper towels with shaking hands, pressing them between her thighs as tears blur her vision. The automatic faucet hums mockingly. Grace's breath comes in jagged gasps—short, sharp inhalations that hitch in her throat like broken gears. A sniffle escapes before she can cage it, then another, wet and ragged against the sterile bathroom air. The first sob punches out of her chest like a fist through drywall. She clamps both hands over her mouth, but the next one comes harder—a heaving, shuddering wave that leaves mascara streaked across her fingers. The paper towels crumple in her damp grip as her shoulders buckle under the weight of humiliation. Grace shoves the bathroom door open with a hip, her arms piled high with damp paper towels—both hands occupied just so she doesn’t have to look at the dark stain blooming across her olive pants.

The hallway stretches like a gauntlet; interns whisper behind cupped hands near the copier, their eyes darting to her thighs before snapping away. She walks stiffly, each step measured to minimize the squelch of soaked pants. Someone stifles a cough—or maybe a laugh—as she passes. Grace grips her keycard so hard the plastic creaks, focusing on the rhythmic beep of the cubicle door scanner like it’s the only sound left in the world. Grace’s desk chair feels like a throne of needles when she collapses into it—the damp fabric of her pants sticking to the leather with every slight shift. She yanks her blazer lower over her hips, a flimsy shield against prying eyes, as her fingers hover over the keyboard. The meeting reminder pings again: 3:30 - Post-Pitch Debrief. Her throat constricts around a silent scream.

The office hums with fluorescent indifference around her. A coworker drops a stack of files nearby, the sound like gunfire to her frayed nerves. Grace stares at her reflection in the darkened monitor—smudged eyeliner, trembling lips—and wonders if she could evaporate into the air conditioning vents. Grace’s fingers hover over the keyboard for a beat too long before she slams the laptop shut—hard enough to make her neighbor flinch. She shoves files into her bag with jerky motions, the wet fabric of her pants clinging stubbornly to the chair as she stands. The elevator ride down is thirty-seven seconds of purgatory, her reflection in the metal doors a distorted mess of smudged mascara and shame.

Outside, the sunset paints the sidewalk orange, indifferent to her ruined afternoon. Grace marches toward the subway with military precision, each step squeezing another drop of humiliation from her shoes. She doesn’t look back at the office tower—its windows glint like a hundred judgmental eyes. Grace grips the subway pole like it’s the last life raft on a sinking ship, her damp thighs pressed together beneath the scratchy wool seat. The train rattles through tunnels in sync with her pulse—too fast, too loud. Across the aisle, a teenager’s headphones leak tinny pop music that sounds like laughter.

She counts stops like a prisoner marking days on a cell wall. Five more. Four. Her apartment key digs into her palm, its teeth imprinting crescents she’ll find later in the shower—when hot water can finally erase the phantom stickiness clinging to her skin. The train brakes screech. Three stops left. Grace shoulders through her apartment door like a boxer retreating to her corner—exhausted, bruised, but still standing. The blazer hits the floor with a wet slap, followed by the ruined pants peeled off with surgical precision. She kicks them toward the laundry basket, misses, and leaves them crumpled like a shed skin. Hot water scalds her palms in the shower, turning her skin pink within seconds.

Grace presses her forehead to the tiles and exhales for what feels like the first time all day. The steam smells like lavender body wash and corporate failure. Grace's shower runs cold long before she's ready to step out. 

She towels off mechanically, her skin tingling from scrubbing too hard—as if she could erase the memory of today along with the smell of office disinfectant. The bedroom mirror shows her reflection fractured by steam: a woman with red-rimmed eyes and shoulders still hunched defensively, even now. She reaches for yesterday's sweatpants hanging off the bedpost—the elastic waistband a silent promise of mercy. The moon glares through Grace’s blinds like a spotlight she didn’t ask for.

She curls tighter under the duvet, knees pressing into her still-tender abdomen—as if her body remembers the betrayal of hours before. The AC unit rattles out a rhythm that almost sounds like should’ve gone sooner, and she huffs a laugh into her pillow, bitter as day-old coffee grounds. Her phone lights up with a calendar notification for tomorrow’s 9 AM status meeting. Grace thumbs it to silence, rolls over, and watches shadows from passing cars paint the ceiling in fleeting stripes. Somewhere down the hall, a neighbor flushes a toilet—the pipes groan in sympathy. 

Grace buries her face into the pillow—one final act of surrender—as the ceiling fan whirls shadows across her tired shoulders. Tomorrow’s meeting notifications blink into oblivion; she swipes them away with a finger still damp from the shower, exhaling into the cotton like she’s breathing out the entire day. The sheets smell faintly of lavender detergent and stolen relief. Somewhere beyond her window, the city pulses—indifferent, relentless—but here, in the dark, Grace stretches her legs beneath the cool linen, letting herself rest for the first time in twelve hours.

*002*2025-12-07 16:55

Sorry, ill work on that

