Double battle (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-02 18:38

A/N: Another from Peecember.

Battling at his brother’s side, Emmet always feels like he can do anything. The two of them make for a great combination, able to read one another’s moves without even having to speak out loud, both always in perfect sync. Even when they lose, it is still always as thrilling as can be, both certain that there is nothing that they would rather do than this.

They can read each other perfectly, so Emmet has no doubt that Ingo can tell exactly what is wrong with him right now. He can almost definitely tell that Emmet is so desperate to pee that he feels like he might burst, after a long day with no real chances for a break. They are trapped in a lengthy battle with two trainers, and he knows he would enjoy it, if not for the fact that he just wants it to end.

He wants it to be over, and he thinks that Ingo is trying the best he can to make sure that the battle does end as swiftly as possible. The two of them work together, but Hilda and Rosa are talented trainers, making it difficult for them to keep up. They’re cousins, so while they are not quite as in sync as the twins are, they definitely have a stronger connection than the typical paired set.

Emmet isn’t going to be able to last much longer, not like this. He can’t even remember when he first started feeling the need, only that it has been driving him crazy for what must have been hours now, only to find that he never had any chance to do anything about it. His bladder is throbbing with every motion, and he has to keep his thighs pressed tightly together, certain that he must look awkward and tense in front of the girls. At this point, he knows that there is no chance of him hiding his need from them either way, so he tries not to worry too much about it.

Each move that his Pokemon makes, he prays will be the one that secures him and Ingo swift victory, and when an attack is made against him, he can’t help hoping that it is enough to ensure that the two of them lose. Though he never hopes for a loss, at times like this, it is hard to worry about who wins or loses, just as long as he knows that the battle will be over soon. It hurts, and he just wants it to finally be over.

Biting his lip, he knows better than to try and take his mind off of it now. He has already tried that plenty of times, and is far past the point that it would work. Honestly, he is to the point that, even if it did work, he would not trust himself in that situation. After all, forgetting himself for even a moment could cause a loss of control that he is not sure he would be able to recover from.

And so, he is stuck like this, in pain and miserable, and so certain that he is going to lose it any moment now, that he is not going to be able to make it to the end of the battle. No matter what, he wants to avoid that, not wanting to look bad in front of these trainers, and not wanting to look so pathetic in front of his brother. It is bad enough that he knows Ingo can tell he is barely holding on, but it would be far worse to give him reason to think that he is not capable of holding it throughout a battle, that he might actually be that…

Yelping, Emmet can’t help jamming a hand between his legs. This is such an obvious, pathetic show of weakness, holding himself like a helpless child, but he can’t help it. He does it on pure reflex, and then finds that he really can’t risk pulling his hand away, because he is not sure if he would be able to keep holding it if he did. The girls are staring at him, Hilda with a confident smirk on her face, and Rosa giving him a look of sympathy. Emmet is honestly not sure which is worse, and he does not dare look to see what sort of expression his twin brother is giving him.

He already knows that he can’t hold it. The battle is still raging on, and he is losing more control by the moment. Spurts of liquid keep escaping, quicker and quicker now, and he is shaking, pants getting wetter each time, until it will be impossible to hide, even if he does manage to keep from losing complete control. But he doesn’t even manage that, and before he can register the fact that it’s his turn, that he is keeping everyone waiting by not calling out a move, it’s over.

His knees buckle as he starts to fully piss himself, and he is completely unable to stop the flood. Emmet just looks at the ground, face flushed as relief washes over him, not wanting to see what any of them think of this incident. Though he fought it all the way to the end, even that was not enough to stop him from losing control like this, and now…

Now he is wetting himself in the middle of a battle, something that has never happened to him before, something that should never happen to him. It’s not enough that he is a grown man or that he should not be wetting himself anywhere at all, but rather, it is the fact that he has completely disgraced himself in front of his beloved twin brother and two very cute trainers, and that, whether he wins or loses, he does not think that he will be able to hold onto his dignity.

And yet the battle must go on, and once his bladder is empty, he finds he can at least focus on making the right move choices.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

