Without arguing (A Fire Emblem: Three Hopes Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-10-21 13:44

A/N: An old commission I finally managed to get caught up on.

It is not all that abnormal for Edelgard to catch Monica and Hubert caught up in arguments, almost always centered around their devotion to her. Though it was a little embarrassing to deal with at first, she has gotten so used to it now that it is nothing more than another inconvenience that she has to deal with, in order to keep the army running smoothly.

After all, both of them are very valuable to her, not only for their loyalty to her, but for everything that they contribute to the cause, as members of this Empire. She may wish that she did not have to deal with how far that devotion tends to go sometimes, but she does whatever she has to, because it is her job.

Still, she thinks she needs to give them a more serious lesson this time, to make sure that the lesson is actually driven home. Perhaps she will actually be able to convince the two to get along this time, even if she is not entirely hopeful about that idea, even right from the start. It has to be something pretty drastic, if it is going to have even the slightest chance of succeeding, and she is going to have to enlist the help of someone else that she can trust, to make sure that they have someone to watch over them.

She already knows that she can’t do it herself, because it would devolve into argument before they had the slightest chance of improving. However, she knows who she wants to bring in, to help her with her plan. Asking Shez for help has proved itself to be a very good choice, whenever she has done so before, and so, she does not see any reason to stop doing that now. She calls Shez into her room and explains her plan, and the mercenary is very willing to go along with her wishes, not having any reason to say no.

Now that her plan is all set up, Edelgard goes to the training ground, where Monica and Hubert are still arguing. With Shez trailing behind her, she makes her presence known, and the two of them stop to face her. She can tell right away that they have been fighting for a while, just by the look on their faces.

"I see the two of you have been busy," she remarks. "Monica, I know that you and Hubert don't exactly see eye to eye. You may not have grown up with him, and he can be rather abrasive, but that doesn't mean that you can't try and get along with him."

"But he-" Monica starts.

"I'm not finished. Both of you have a lot to contribute to our efforts. I'm sure that the two of you could do great things, if you worked together," Edelgard continues. Hubert is doing his best- though not succeeding- to not look smug, but she cuts him down in turn. "And, Hubert, you could make a bit more of an effort as well. You don’t always have to be so difficult with everyone. You claim that you do everything for my sake, but if that were the case, you wouldn’t do so much to make work for my other soldiers so much harder.”

“Lady Edelgard, I-”

“No, you will both listen to me. This has been going on for too long, and I don’t think a simple lecture is going to make a difference in either of your behavior at this point. That is why I’m going to try an actual punishment this time, to see if the two of you can actually learn a lesson from this,” she explains, leaving her two most devoted followers absolutely dumbfounded by this turn of events.

However, it at least seems that they are willing to listen to her now, finally seeing just how serious this is. And, since she has Shez there with her, it is the perfect time to explain exactly what they are going to be doing, and what part Shez is going to have in their punishment.

“I know neither of you will make things easy on the other if I’m there watching,” she says. “That is why we’ll have an unbiased third party there to make sure that the two of you carry out your punishment. The three of you will be in confinement, spending a few hours together. If you can get through that time without arguing, then perhaps I can trust you to get along in the future.”

At this point, Monica and Hubert seem too stunned to speak, and that is when she has Shez take them by the hands, so that they can get started on their punishment. The mercenary leads them, while Edelgard follows behind, making sure that the two actually go through with this, and that Shez does not have any issues doing her job. By the time they have arrived, the two are still not arguing, though that will likely not last. The three of them go inside, and Monica and Hubert are instructed to stand in the middle of the room, while Edelgard locks all three of them in, before leaving them.

Now, it is up to Shez to make sure that they stay put.

"Do you think you'll be able to get through this?" Shez asks, after Edelgard leaves.

"I'll get through it for Lady Edelgard, if nothing else," Monica replies. "Even if I have to spend the whole time with him, I'll do it!"

"You are certainly enthusiastic, but it is not a matter of enthusiasm," Hubert counters. "If Lady Edelgard believes that this will benefit her, then I will follow her wishes, no matter what. Even if that means enduring you."

"So, neither of you are going to have any issues then?" Shez asks, sounding hopeful.

"Of course not! We can get through this," Monica says, though her tone is a little forced, not nearly as enthusiastic as she was a moment ago.

"If that's the case, then...well, I'm just going to take a seat here, and make sure that the two of you don't argue, and make sure that you stick to the terms of your punishment," Shez replies.

"We can handle this," Hubert says, speaking for both of them. Monica looks like she is doing all that she can not to snap at him, to tell him not to speak on her behalf. But that would start an argument, and she knows better than to do that right off the bat.

The two of them have no choice but to get through this, because Edelgard was the one to give them this punishment. No matter what they have to do, they will endure it. However, now that they are in the middle of the room, they have to deal with the fact that they have a lot of time, and not a whole lot to do. Of course, there are other things that they would rather be doing with their time, but this is the consequence of their behavior. Now, neither of them can be productive or get anything done for Edelgard at all; now, all they can do is wait for time to pass.

The worst part of it all is that the more time passes, the more aware of the fact that they both need to use the bathroom. Hubert has been drinking coffee all day, and has not yet had the opportunity to relieve himself, something that is normally far from his mind. Normally, he is not one for breaks, not allowing himself any distractions. But he has had to endure Monica's presence all day, and now has to endure it with Shez, who has been watching the two of them carefully, not saying much.

"Why are you watching us?" Monica asks. "Don't you have anything better to do?"

"This is the assignment I was given. It's important that I fulfill it," she replies.

"Well, couldn't you just not watch us?" Monica is a bit more agitated than usual, and seems especially bothered by having Shez keeping such a detailed eye on them. This is, naturally, because of the need that she is trying to keep to herself, and is hoping not to draw attention to.

"That would defeat the purpose of me being here," Shez replies. "It's fine, Monica. Just try and get through this."

Monica tries, but the more time that passes, the harder it gets. Her legs begin to shake a bit, and she hopes that no one will notice. But Shez is still watching her, and is still watching Hubert, and the two of them are locked in here until the end of their punishment, no matter what happens. All she can do is try to steady herself, to keep from shaking and keep from showing any signs of what she is going through right now.

She has been so busy with her duties all day that she has not had the chance to relieve herself once, and has never felt so full. Though she has a lot of practice dealing with things like this, and is able to manage her needs much better than most, that doesn't change the fact that it makes her nervous, being stuck in such a situation.

"Are you alright, Monica?" Shez asks, and she nearly jumps at the sudden question.

"Of course, I'm alright," she replies, forcing a smile, and hoping that the mercenary will leave her alone after that.

"It's just...you're shaking a lot," Shez comments, and Monica tenses up. "Do you want to take a seat?"

"No, no, it's okay, really. I'm not shaking," she insists. She forces herself to stiffen up then, and Shez lets it drop, but Monica can't help stealing a glance at Hubert.

Ordinarily, she would expect the other man to comment on things, perhaps to give her a hard time for being bored or nervous about something already, or even to try and guess at what is wrong with her. Instead, however, he seems distracted enough on his own, with little interest in anything that she is doing right now. That is a bit unusual for him, and she wonders if something might be wrong. After all, something is more than wrong with her...

She does her best to push those thoughts from her mind, so that she can focus on not showing just how much she has to pee. It never occurs to her that Hubert might have a similar problem right now, but she never really considers him human in the first place. He is more of a creep, following Edelgard around and trying to make her life difficult, as if he has some right to do that, all while complaining about the wonderful efforts Monica puts forth!

While she is occupied with her own concerns, Hubert's mind is far away from Monica, far away from this room. All he can think about is how careless he has been to end up in a situation like this, when he has always taken care to never be vulnerable around anyone. But now, his bladder is screaming for him, and he does not know how long he can stand it, with Shez watching him so carefully. He should have realized earlier that he had to go, but his thoughts have been consumed by other things today, and he hardly thought he would find himself this trapped. The fact that he is doing all of this for Edelgard only makes it that much more frustrating, that much more agonizing.

Right now, he is able to stand still and repress his own struggles, but if he is forced to stay here any longer, he does not know how well he will be able to keep from showing any outward signs. At this point, his bladder is really beginning to protest, and his mind is racing, as he tries to come up with a way out of this, a way that he will not have to humiliate himself like this. His only option is, of course, to keep holding it, and even though he knows that he probably has a while yet before it becomes that desperate, he can't stop himself from worrying about things.

It isn't just the two "captives" dealing with the woes of their own bladders, however. While Monica and Hubert are being held here, Shez is every bit as much bound to this place, even if it is as someone meant to watch over the two of them. After such a busy morning, Shez has not gotten the chance to relieve herself. She was planning on going before Edelgard summoned her, and even after that, she had hoped that there would be a chance for her to sneak away for a few minutes, but no. That has not been possible, and now, she is stuck here without chance for a break.

Not wanting to let her discomfort show, she keeps quiet and does her best not to squirm, not to make any sign that she has her own issue. It is difficult, especially when her bladder feels like it is far too swollen, and the pressure grows worse with each passing moment, but she does not want to draw attention to herself, or have either of them ask her questions that she would not know how to answer. She has a job to do, and if either were to figure out she had a problem, they might try to use it to get out of this early.

Though she wishes she could wriggle all about, she manages to keep from shifting her weight too much, or revealing her true feelings. She does not want to do anything to distract Monica or Hubert, or gett in the way of their little project to learn how to get along. Of course, if they knew that she had to pee they might be able to form a united front against her, just to get out of here, but she has a feeling that that hardly counts as the two of them actually making peace.

As the time drags on, Shez's situation becomes worse and worse, and it takes all that she has not to let her control start to slip. Her bladder has nearly reached its limit, and she is starting to leak, a tiny bit of piss coming out at a time, but no matter how small the leak, she can feel the wetness, and can't stop herself from feeling ashamed of what she has done. Even when the leak has stopped, she can't shake that feeling, and it only serves to make her want to squirm even more.

All the while, Monica and Hubert have their own problems, the two of them suffering under the weight of their own bladders, neither aware of the fact that the other has their own struggle going on. But the longer that they are stuck waiting in here, the harder it gets, and soon, it becomes difficult to ignore what is going on inside. They try their best, neither wanting to make any sort of deal about their needs, and neither wanting to be the first one to crack.

Monica has definitely been better, but she is determined not to show just how desperate she is, not to Shez and certainly not to Hubert. She just keeps reminding herself that, as ridiculous as all of this may seem, she is still doing it for Edelgard, and that should be enough to make it worth it to her. It is more than enough, she is sure, but, infuriatingly enough, the desires of her mind do nothing when it comes to the limits of her body. Her devotion to Edelgard is nothing in the face of biological impossibilities.

All she can do is hope that her endurance lasts long enough for her to get out of this.

Hubert is growing less confident by the moment, though he does his best not to show it. He is better than all of that, and would not dream of letting anyone see him losing his composure. Still, as he is forced to keep on waiting, it becomes more and more difficult to pretend that everything is fine, and he can feel the pressure rising, his body threatening to betray him. He wants to believe that he can get through this, that he will not have to resort to such a disgusting measure, but it is looking like a very real possibility, and the more he thinks about it, the more his resolve begins to slip.

Hubert and Monica have never gotten along, and the two of them will likely continue bickering and arguing until the day they die, regardless of what Edelgard does. But right now, they have more important things on their minds, and are forced to try and ignore the other's presence, while enduring their own problems, their need quickly becoming overwhelming. As for Shez, she has no idea how she is going to be able to endure, but knows that she has no choice. All three of them are trapped here, and they will all have to bear the burden, or else.

It is hard for any of them to imagine what might happen if they were to break the rules of the punishment, and the last thing they would want is for Edelgard to discover them having gone, and know that they failed her. She has asked them to do something, and, though it is hard, they will endure. Not only that, but each of them is plagued by the idea of her finding them wet...

Well, that is simply too much for any of them to bear, be it the two who are devoted to following her to the end, or the one who may not understand her place in this world, but still knows that taking care of Edelgard is an important priority. Shez at least knows how important it is to follow her orders at times like this. So, she takes a deep breath and continues to wait, not knowing just how long she will be able to manage that.

All three of them are already near their limit, and the more time that passes, the worse that it gets, until finally, Shez fears can't handle it any longer. She is already leaking, little spurts occasionally soaking into her panties, and if this keeps up, she knows that it will not be long before it becomes obvious. That is the last thing she wants, especially because of how she was trusted with the duty of watching over the other two. But her body is not so willing to cooperate with her, and she is starting to lose the battle against her bladder.

The last thing she would ever want is to lose control in front of Hubert, but the pressure is getting so bad that she does not know how long she can manage to hold out, and though she is sure that the humiliation of the whole thing might be too much for her to endure, it doesn't seem like she is going to have much of a choice. No matter what she does, she can feel the heat rushing to her cheeks, and can feel her legs trembling, the pressure becoming unbearable. She doesn't know how long she will be able to last, but it is not looking good for her.

Hubert, meanwhile, is just as hopeless. He tries his best to hold it in, not wanting to have any issues. It's starting to look like there is a very real chance that he will have no choice but to piss himself, and there is nothing in the world he would hate more,s. All of his focus is on keeping his bladder under control, but he can feel it threatening to burst at any moment. He tries not to let on, tries not to move, and tries not to say a word. He has a feeling that Monica will try and taunt him the second he shows weakness, and the last thing he wants is for her to be able to claim that she got the best of him.

Hubert has to make it through this, and if he pisses himself, then there is no way he will be able to explain himself. Shez will know, and she will likely report this to Lady Edelgard. No, he can't let something like this happen, but the more time passes, the more sure he is that there is no other way for him to avoid such an outcome. And with Monica having similar thoughts and struggles, especially regarding Edelgard finding out, it spells disaster for the both of them.

However, neither of them are the first to lose control.

All of a sudden, Shez is hit by a full on flood, her bladder not able to contain it anymore. She can't hold back her gasp as she loses control, the front of her pants growing soaked, a dark spot forming in the crotch. A puddle forms at her feet as the urine continues to gush out of her, and she is too overwhelmed by the sensation to even think of stopping it. Her cheeks turn bright red as she loses control, and it is impossible for either of the others not to notice what is happening.

Of course, Monica and Hubert are horrified at this realization, and both know that their situation is worsening just from seeing this, but are still stunned at the sight of Shez, wetting herself seemingly without any care or concern.

Indeed, the shock only serves to make matters worse for Hubert, who is the next one to have the accident he has been dreading. He can feel the hot piss spreading through his pants, can feel it starting to pool in his boots, and can feel the puddle beneath his feet growing. It feels horrible, the humiliation more than anything, but the relief of his bladder is just as strong. As relief begins to wash over him, it becomes hard to think of anything other than how good this feels.

Monica, somehow, is the last one standing, but her desperation has grown to a point that she couldn't hold still even if she wanted to. The others are already soaked, so there's a bit less shame in making her movements more obvious, her squirms turning into outright dancing as she tries to keep her bladder under control, in spite of the odds. It doesn't take long for her to lose that fight though, and, when the floodgates open, there is nothing that can stop it.

With a whimper, Monica wets herself, not able to keep up the charade any longer, and not able to hold back the flow. The hot stream rushes through her panties and down her legs, and she can't help being glad that the others have already broken, and are in no place to judge her. Still, her humiliation and relief hit her in equal measure, and she is not sure exactly how to feel about any of this.

Once all is said and done, and the room has gone silent, the three of them all able to feel their soaked clothes growing colder by the minute, it takes a moment before anyone speaks up to say anything. Shez clears her throat, knowing that, as their guard, she is the only one that can make this situation a little less embarrassing for them. Not to mention, she’d like to avoid further embarrassment as well.

“I think we should get cleaned up and not tell Edelgard about any of this,” she suggests, and relief is clear on both Monica and Hubert’s faces. “And, hey, look on the bright side! I can definitely tell her that you two got through this without fighting at all…even if she won’t know that we all had a little something distracting us.”

Still, the two of them are sure they’ll make better efforts to get along in the future. After all, this punishment has been extremely affective, in ways Edelgard could not have guessed.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

