The Penguins Henchgirl (A Batman Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-06-14 19:28

A/N: This commission was pretty exciting to receive. For those who don't know, the girls in this story are seen in Batman: the Animated Series, as Penguin's henchgirls, around the third or fourth season, if memory serves. The person who commissioned this gave me a lot of background information for characters, that I probably won't even be able to work in all of, but it made it a lot of fun to work with.

The job was supposed to be a simple one. Raven had been assured of that, had been assured that it would not take long and would not be hard on her or her companions, Jay and Lark.

The three women worked as waitresses at Oswald Cobblepot's esteemed Iceberg Lounge on the surface, but on the underground, they worked as the Penguin's henchgirls. Everyone knew that both of their bosses were one and the same, but few knew that he was still in business as far as criminal dealings went. It looked to the outside world that he had gone legitimate for good.

But that was not the case, and his three girls often had to run errands in his stead, as they were doing on one particular night. Their boss had recently gotten involved in some shady dealings with a weapons smuggler. His establishment was used as an in-between for a small- read: handsome- fee, and the man in question had not been keeping up with his payments as of late. And if you don't pay, you get paid a visit.

That was where Raven found herself, though she was a bit reluctant to participate in this job. Not because of any inhibitions regarding the nature of the job; she had grown quite used to things like that. It was due to more of a personal matter, and that personal matter was that she really needed to pee.

The problem with these sorts of jobs was, when you were on a time crunch, you could not stop for any breaks, and that sort of thing also did not come across as very intimidating. Not to mention, Lark was a loyal leader who took great care to make sure all of Penguin's jobs were taken care of swiftly and efficiently. She would most likely not be sympathetic to Raven's plight, were the girl to speak up about her problem.

She would just have to hope for the best, as far as the job went. If things went quickly, which she had been promised they would, then there would be no problem. And if things didn't go quickly...well, she didn't really want to think about that outcome. It would not be the first time she had humiliated herself in such a manner, and she did not ever want to repeat that humiliation again.

Really, things went perfectly, at first. The man was properly intimidated, promised to pay up fully, and even fronted half the expense, all before she could a panic-level of desperation. All seemed to be going well, but that should have been a sign. She didn't realize that things were going too perfectly, and that a complication was inevitable.

Unfortunately, they received the most complicated complication, in the form of a surprise ambush by the Batman. They had wondered a few times if he was starting to catch on to Penguin's latest schemes, but had not been aware that he had already found them out. And Raven knew that if they could fight him- which was a very big if to start with- it would take a long time, and that was time that she did not have.

Lark did not seem to share Raven's fears, however, and said, “Come on, girls, let's take this pesky bat down!”

Jay shot her a sympathetic look and she wondered if she knew of her dilemma. She could not wonder for long, however, as they jumped into the fight. It was incredibly difficult to engage in conflict with her bladder as full as it was, and she was ashamed that she was the first one brought down.

Tied up, she could only watch as her cohorts unsuccessfully battled Batman. Jay was the second one out, and though Lark put up a good fight, she was taken down around the time the police made it onto the scene. Now, there was even less a chance of escape, and that thought terrified Raven.

The last time she had been this desperate, her life had been very different. She had been a part of a family rather high up in society, and they had been at some important social gathering or another. She had tried several times to excuse herself and been denied, and eventually she had not been able to hold it anymore. Her parents had been so ashamed that they had disowned her completely, and after a stock failure, they had left Gotham completely.

She did not want to do something like that again and risk humiliating her new boss. She had finally found another home, and if she lost it over something like this, she did not know what she would do. But even as she squirmed in her bindings and tried to hold back, she knew that her bladder could not take much more, and she was in no position to ask for a break. It would be seen as an escape attempt, and denied immediately.

She recognized one of the officers almost immediately. Officer Park had been sent by Gordon to assist Batman more and more frequently, and Lark had warned the girls to be on the lookout for him. The two men began talking amongst themselves, completely oblivious to the now-whimpering girl.

She was glad, at least, that there was no focus on her and she could wriggle about however she pleased, but that wouldn't do her much good once she was wet. Which would happen in a few minutes or less, she could tell. She had begun letting out a few periodic leaks, and nothing she did could stop them.

Without her hands free, all she could do was rub her thighs together, and this had stopped having any effect whatsoever. She was sure that she had a bit of a visible wet spot on her costume by now, and there was nothing she could do to conceal it. She was completely and totally helpless.

It was as she thought this that her bladder gave up on holding back, and she felt a heat spreading between her legs. She was wetting herself, fully and completely. A puddle formed under her, spreading out as she emptied. For a few seconds, she could almost lose herself in the bliss of the relief, but she could not forget the humiliation she had faced the last time this had happened and the humiliation she would surely face the second go around.

It was quite some time before her bladder had emptied completely and she sat, tied up and helpless, in a self-made puddle. It didn't look like anyone had noticed just yet, but that did not matter. The evidence of what she had done was all over her; it would not be long before someone figured out what had happened to her, and then everyone would know.

As she predicted, eventually a young police officer with brown hair looked over at her, an expression of shock and confusion on his face. Tentatively, he approached her and asked, “Are you okay?”

“Does it look like I'm okay?” she snapped through her tears.

“Is there some way I can help?” he asked, not at all put off by her attitude.

“Not unless you can turn back time,” she replied. “Besides, why would you want to help me, anyway?”

“Because no one deserves something like...well, that. I don't care what you were doing or who you're working for, I think getting arrested is punishment enough for that. So, I was thinking I could help you cover this up,” he said, offering her a warm smile.

She was surprised that he seemed entirely sincere about this. “What's your name?” was all she could think to say.

“Kevin Fitzpatrick...ah, Officer Fitzpatrick,” he corrected. He helped stand her up and walked her a bit away from her puddle. He then took off his jacket, tying it around her waist in such a way that it covered most of the dark spot. “Here, it's not much, but it'll do for now. I'll try and keep your friends from finding out about is as best as I can, okay?”

She didn't know how he would do something like that, but there was something about him that made her want to believe him. She smiled for what felt like the first time all day and said, “Thank you.”

A/N: Thanks again for all the background information on characters! Sorry I couldn't use everything, but tried to show as much as I could with this story.

