Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics) - Page 5

*101*2019-02-14 16:33

One of Wilt’s greatest faults is being too nice for his own good, and he has a hard time saying no, and always puts others before himself. It is always a benefit to those around him, and in most situations, it is a benefit to him as well, as it helps him with earning and keeping friends. There are few who dislike him, and his kind and giving nature is, for the most part, an asset.

But there are times when he gives too much, whether it be more than he has, or giving so much of himself that he pushes himself too hard. For instance, when the lines at the bathroom get backed up, there are times when he lets others go before him. On one particular day, he happens to arrive at the door around the same time as a couple others, and when a line forms, he is all too willing to take his place at the back of the line, even knowing that he had already been waiting for some time, and that his bladder is very full.

The wait will be agonizing, but he hopes that he is able to wait it out without any difficulties. He really has to go, but he feels better knowing that he let others go in front of him, because who knows how badly they had to. Still, his throbbing bladder doesn’t necessarily share his sentiment, and as he waits, it grows heavier and heavier, persistently reminding him of how badly he needs to pee.

He squirms in place, hoping that that will make it easier on him, but the line is so long now, and he realizes that it may have gotten even longer without him noticing. There are some he thinks might have cut, but he doesn’t call them out on it because he knows if they had asked, he would have let them anyway. After all, if they’re cutting, they must have to go pretty bad.

But he would never cut in line himself, even though he thinks that if he made it known how urgent his need is, he might be allowed to do so. Wilt would not do such a thing, and instead continues to struggle against his own need, shaking from how bad it’s becoming. He keeps crossing his legs, then uncrossing and re-crossing, biting his lip and watching as one after another gets to go before him, and never very quickly.

And, the closer he gets to the front of the line, the easier it is to here those before him in the bathroom, and though he tries to ignore the sounds of them relieving themselves and the running water when they wash their hands, he can’t drown it out in any way. This doesn’t help matters at all, and he can’t stop shaking, completely unable to distract himself from just how bad his need has become. At this point, he’s starting to doubt if he’s going to be able to make it at all now.

The last thing he wants to do is wet himself in line in front of everyone, and he fights as best as he can to keep his control. If he can just make it a little bit longer, he’ll be okay. He continues to tell himself that, squirming and fidgeting in line, waiting his turn like he knows he should, even knowing that it could result in his humiliation. Just a little bit longer, just four more people in line ahead of him, and he tells himself that he can definitely make it that long, that it will be easy.

He is absolutely at his limit, and the fourth person enters the bathroom, leaving only three people in line in front of him. Just a little bit longer to wait, he continues to repeat internally, groaning and whimpering externally. He’s going to make it, he just has to wait, he just has to wait a little bit longer until he’s able to relieve himself, and that means he’s going to make it. He can wait, he know he can-

But he can’t, and even with only three people left, even with such a short wait in front of him, he has absolutely met his limit. He gasps suddenly as he feels the last of his control slip, and though he tries to stop himself from doing it, he can’t. Not only does he wet himself, but the three in front of him are caught in the crossfire, and the uncontrollable stream soaks them as his overfull bladder finally empties.

They’re quick to jump out of the way when they realize what’s happening, but that doesn’t stop them from getting soaked initially, and even so, it still takes quite a long time for his stream to come to a stop.

“I-I’m sorry!” he screams, before fleeing the scene.

*103*2019-02-17 20:42

When Eduardo wakes up one morning, he is hit with an almost immediate urge to pee. This is pretty common for most mornings, but today, it feels particularly intense, perhaps because he woke up a little bit later than usual. Whatever the case, he wakes up with his bladder absolutely aching, and he is quick to get up and head to the bathroom.

The line is rather backed up already, and he realizes that by waking up later, he missed his usual chance to go before Duchess took one of her exceptionally long showers. That means that he will have a rather long wait, one that he isn’t sure he’ll be able to last through.

But his only option is to get in line and do his best to hold it for as long as it takes. Though that seems almost impossible to him right now, he hopes that the urge might get a little easier to handle with time, and that he will be able to wait until he has his time to go. He struggles to stand still, but tries not to do anything to tip anyone off to just how badly he has to pee right now.

The line is completely still for such a long time, and every minute of that wait is absolutely torturous for him. His bladder throbs and he is soon unable to stand still at all. As much as he doesn’t want to tip anyone off to his desperation, he knows that just standing there and ignoring it will definitely result in him wetting himself in front of everyone. That would be much worse than just having them knowing that he has to pee pretty badly, much more humiliating, and he begins to rock back and forth, squirming in place to try to keep his need under control.

The more time passes, the worse it becomes until he is dancing in place, desperately trying to keep himself under control, but then, finally, the line actually moves. He feels premature relief, glad that things are going to start moving along, but there are still several people in front of him, and that means that he still has a bit of a wait to deal with.

One by one, they move forward, and he continues to fight his own bladder as he impatiently awaits his turn. Closer and closer, he inches forward, while also getting closer to his own limit. He tries everything he can to not think about it, hoping that that will make it easier to deal with, but he is far past the point of simply not thinking about it now. Maybe that would have worked some time earlier, but he slept past that point, and if he had woken up sooner then he wouldn’t be in this situation to begin with.

The line keeps moving, and he keeps trying his best to wait it out, but it’s not getting any easier for him to deal with, and he is so close to his own limit now that he’s sure he won’t make it. In fact, when it gets to where there are only five more people in line in front of him, when he should be close enough that he might be alright, he feels a bit leak out, and is just barely able to stop himself before fully wetting himself.

This isn’t going to work, he knows he isn’t going to make it. He may have stopped that leak, but one more and he won’t be able to, and he begins to panic, trying to figure out something else to do. Stepping out of line, he looks around frantically for something, anything else he can use, and he hurries until he finds a plant that’s somewhat out of the way.

He looks around to make sure no one is there to see him, and is glad that the plant mostly covers him, obscuring even his size as he whips it out and begins…”watering” the plant, with a huge sigh of relief. He was really at his very limit, and there would have been no chance of stopping himself once he was in front of the plant.

He has just finished up and started back on his way when Wilt passes by, saying, “Oh, hey, Eduardo. Guess you managed to get into the bathroom, huh?”

Blushing and hoping that his friend can’t tell, he simply responds, “Sure did.”

*105*2019-02-19 00:49

A normal day for Mr. Herriman involves a lot of work and very little time for himself. He’s used to having to push himself to his limits, but he always does his best to make sure that he doesn’t push himself too far. But there is a day when things are just too busy, when there’s one incident after another, and he really doesn’t have any time at all.

By the time he has to start working on dinner, he realizes that he’s been neglecting his needs all day, and that he needs to use the bathroom, and soon, if possible. He reaches a stopping point in his dinner preparations and heads for the bathroom, hoping to be done with this quickly so that he can get back to work, but luck is clearly not on his side, as there is a bit of a line to the bathroom. He takes his place at the end of it, holding as still as possible so as not to let on just how bad his need is becoming. After all, he would never be able to live it down if he were seen standing in line for the bathroom, squirming like he was about to wet himself.

He has a timer on his watch to let him know when he absolutely has to return to the kitchen to resume setting up dinner, and he watches the time nervously as he slowly moves forward in line. After dinner, he will have another chance to go, but he really hopes that it doesn’t get to that point. He doesn’t want to think that he might not make it in that case, but it’s a very real possibility. So, as the line drags on, he hopes that he will have enough time to go now.

But luck is not on his side, and the line moves much slower than time does, and before he knows it, the alarm on his watch beeps, signaling that he has to go back to the kitchen to finish setting up dinner. And there’s no way he will be able to finish setting up, go to the bathroom, and be back in time for dinner, so he has to wait until the end of the meal. Wincing as he goes back to finish his work, he hopes that his bladder will be able to hold out long enough, that he will be strong enough to make it until dinner is over.

He announces that dinner is ready and takes his seat, joining everyone as they dig into their meal, but he just picks at his food, too agitated to really eat. His bladder is so full that it hurts, and that is really all that he can think about. Now, it is becoming more apparent that he likely won’t make it until the end of the meal, and he tries to think of something to do about that. After all, he can’t wet himself at the dinner table, but then, what else can he do?

When he feels a bit leak out, he knows that he has no other choice, and, as much as he hates to do it, he takes an empty cup from the table, discreetly bringing it underneath the table. Hoping that nobody hears him, he frees himself, getting into the position, before letting go and filling the cup with his urine.

He holds back a sigh of relief, not wanting to tip anyone off to what he’s doing, but, to his horror, the sound of liquid filling the cup is audible to those around him, and before he can try to stop, Bloo asks, “Hey, what’s that sound?”

He does try to cut off the stream now, but he isn’t able to, and he isn’t able to play it off, or to distract Bloo, who instead immediately looks under the table, gasping at the sight. Just as the cup begins to overflow, Bloo shouts out, “Mr. Herriman is peeing in a cup!”

No one can believe what they’ve just heard, and as he overflows the cup onto the floor, the others at the table look underneath it to see what’s happening. The floor grows soaked beneath him, and he drops the cup in surprise.

With all eyes on him, and his stream having flowed to a stop, he stands up suddenly and runs, not sure what else to do after being caught in such a position.

*107*2019-02-22 17:22

When Margaret has to work alone at the coffee shop, there’s a set time of day that she can temporarily close the shop down and take a break. Because it’s a set time, she can’t take a break at any other time. She can’t leave the store unattended, and if she closes when she isn’t supposed to and a customer comes by, they could report her. So, on a day when Eileen is out sick and she has to work by herself, when she feels like she needs to pee, she knows that she will have to hold it until her designated break.

It’s two hours until she can take her break, which isn’t too long, but at the same time, she worries that she might not be able to hold it even that long. There aren’t a lot of customers in, and she is tempted, at times, to run to the back really quick, but she knows that if she did that, she wouldn’t be able to explain herself if someone did come in and if something were to happen while she wasn’t paying attention.

For most of the first hour, she is able to mostly keep it under control, but things become more and more difficult. Since she’s alone, she’s able to do whatever she can to make holding it easier, and she crosses her legs, bouncing up and down in place from time to time, whenever it becomes too difficult to hold it. But then, the bell on the door rings, letting her know that she isn’t alone anymore, and has to keep her composure.

What’s worse is that it’s Mordecai and Rigby who have come in the shop. Not now, she thinks. If they had seen me doing that pee dance, I would be so embarrassed! She can’t let them see how desperate she is, and has to keep herself under control as long as they’re in here. Hopefully, she can get them through their order quickly, and they’ll be gone soon, and then she can just keep fighting to hold it until she can close the store and take her break.

“What will you have?” she asks, trying to keep he cool while she takes their order, and once she’s back in the kitchen she quickly tries to make what they ordered. Once she’s in the kitchen, she can’t control her fidgeting, her legs shaky from how badly she needs to go. She thinks that they can’t see her from where they are, or at least that they wouldn’t look through to the kitchen, but Mordecai, as always, has a hard time keeping his eyes off of her.

And it doesn’t take him long to figure out what’s going on, either. Nudging Rigby, he says, “I think Margaret is having a little emergency.”

“Yeah, she must really have to go.”

By the time she has finished with their order, she is shaking while she brings the order to the table. “H-here you go,” she says, and there’s no hiding just how desperate she is.

Finally, Mordecai outright asks, “Why don’t you just go take a bathroom break?”

“You noticed?” she asks, blushing.

“Yeah, it’s kinda obvious,” he replies, also blushing.

“I can’t take another break for forty five minutes.”

“Do you want me to help? I can do whatever you need to do, while you go take a break.”

She knows that it’s risky, but at this point, she isn’t sure that she has any other options, because she definitely won’t make it until her break. “Sure, let me show you what all you can do in the kitchen.”

She has to take him to the sink to show him something, but as soon as she turns it on, the sound of the water is nearly too much for her. Though she tries to stop it, a rather big leak escapes her, and she exclaims, “Oh no!”

“What is it?”

She’s in too much of a panic to have any shame about what she has to admit, and says, “I just leaked, I really can’t hold it! Grab the coffee mug, quick!”

She’s clearly about to wet herself, grabbing herself to try and stop it, while Mordecai hurriedly does as she says. For a moment, they try to figure out how this is going to work, and he finally offers, “Do you want me to hold it in place?”

Her face now dark red, Margaret agrees, and they get into position. “I’m going to move my hands and part my panties now, so just keep it in place.” As it turns out, she is just barely able to get her panties out of the way before the spray begins, uncontrollable in its force. In fact, she gets him a little wet in the process, and when he protests, she says, “I’m trying my best! I can’t exactly aim!”

While all of this is going on, Rigby wonders what’s taking them so long, and, hearing the commotion, looks into the kitchen. “What’s going on here?!”

“Rigby, don’t look!”

“That’s so gross, man!”

“Then stop looking!”

Finally, he does so, and Margaret is able to finish up just before she causes the cup to overflow. Straightening up, she says, “Please don’t tell my boss or Eileen about this.”

The boys agree, and Mordecai even helps her clean up the kitchen area from the chaos, before the two of them leave, having their order to-go.

*109*2019-03-07 16:12

A/N: Sorry if the context on this one is a little fuzzy, I wasn't quite sure the incident being referred to with the scenario so I kept things kind of vague

When they have to fix the tower in Lyoko, the group has to rush to the factory to get virtualized, which means that they don’t have any chance to take a break. Which means that, just before Jeremie sends them in, they all ask if there’s any chance they can have a bathroom break before they go in.

He shuts them down immediately, saying, “Sorry, but there could be serious consequences if we don’t fix things right away.” The group groans, but does not protest further, and they go in, even with their bladders throbbing from their need.

Not long after they are in, Odd speaks up. “Uh, Jeremie? Is it possible to pee here, cos I still feel like I need to pee real bad.”

Surprised by this, Jeremie says, “That’s interesting...maybe when virtualized, your feelings in real life follow you, so if you have to pee in real life, then you have to in Lyoko as well. Hm, you could try going on a tree or something.”

“What?! I’m not doing that with Yumi and Aelita here!” he protests, forgetting that they also have to go.

“Then just hold it, you need to get to that tower.” Doing as their told, Odd, Ulrich, Yomi, and Aelita try to forget their need, but it is hard to do so when their bladders feel ready to burst at any moment. As they move forward, each of them begins walking a little funny in their attempts to keep it under control.

While they are all coping with it and doing whatever they can to not wet themselves, it is Odd who is the first to feel a leak. “Oh no, I think I just-”

Before he can finish his sentence, Aelita gasps, her blush indicating that she is in much the same situation. And, judging by the discomfort of both Yumi and Ulrich, neither one of them is holding up much better.

“Let’s hurry up, I’m bursting!” Yumi says, and no one has any argument. They all hurry forward, racing the clock against their bladders, but knowing that even if they get to the tower, there is still more to be done before they are free to relieve themselves outside of Lyoko, and that means that the situation is hopeless one way or another, unless…

There are more and more leaks, until Odd declares, “I really can’t hold it!” not wanting to leak so much that he really does look like he’s wetting himself. So he breaks from the group to go to a nearby tree, which causes the others in the group to blush, but they know that they are going to be at their limits soon as well, so they follow suit.

With everyone grouped up and in position, Yumi quickly says, “Jeremie, please look away, I really don’t want you to see this!” Of course, with all of them exposed, they can all clearly see each other, but it is at least some small comfort to imagine that Jeremie isn’t looking at the moment.

And so, they all let loose, closing their eyes to give the others privacy as they give big sighs of relief. The relief is so wonderfully overwhelming that it serves as a distraction, and with Jeremie not watching out for them, none of them notice the enemies approach until it is too late. In the end, it is only Aelita that does not get hit, and the other three are devirtualized immediately, leaving her to fight her way through and continue for the tower, covering herself as she does.

While she is busy with that, Odd, Yumi, and Ulrich emerge from the tubes, all of them in soaking wet clothes, looking as if they did wet themselves after all. For a moment, they all look down in shock, but slowly, realization dawns on them. Yumi is the one to say, “I guess when we pee in Lyoko, it makes us pee in real life...at least, when we reverse it, it will be like it never happened.”

Fortunately for them, Aelita is able to fix things at the tower, and when time goes back to normal, they agree not to talk about this incident again, really keeping it as if it never happened.

*112*2019-03-09 17:22

One day, while Jeremie is alone and monitoring everyone, he notices his urge to pee. Naturally, when everyone is in Lyoko, he has to keep an eye on them, which does not allow him much time for breaks, or a chance to really leave the area. Which means that, if he does not remember to relieve himself before he sends them all in, that he has to wait until the very end, no matter how uncomfortable this may be for him.

Today, he has to try to push his need out of his mind nearly as soon as it springs up, knowing that he has a bit of time to wait yet. So he does just that, waiting it out, but it isn’t long before he feels another pang from his bladder, and another, his need making itself known whether he wants it to or not.

The fact is, it’s getting bad, and Jeremie begins to worry about how long he will be able to hold it, and how much longer this is going to take. Likely too long, and he thinks that he might end up wetting himself if he’s forced to push himself too much, but he doesn’t know what else he can really do in this situation. He needs to keep his focus on the group, not on himself, and he hopes that doing that will keep him from getting too desperate. If he has a distraction, if he can forget about how badly he needs to pee, then he just might make it through this.

And, for just a few more minutes, that works for him, but yet again, another sharp pang from his bladder reminds him of the situation he’s in, and he groans softly, squirming and trying unsuccessfully to take his mind back off it. Looks like he’s ran that option out completely. Biting his lip, he does anything he can to keep himself under control. It’s getting really bad, with no sign of them being done, which means that he might have absolutely no hope for making it.

Though he doesn’t want to think about that possibility, he does know that denying it up until the last second is going to have a far more disastrous outcome than if he does try to prepare for it, so he does not deny it. If he doesn’t do something about his full bladder, he is going to wet himself, and soon.

So, now that he’s accepted that, he has to come up with a solution, and he turns his attention away from the group for a little bit to look around, trying to improvise. When his eyes land on an empty bottle one of the others left behind, he knows that this is his best option. So Jeremie picks it up, and he knows that he is not a moment too soon in this decision, because, as he gets himself into position, he feels as though he could lose it at any second.

But he is so distracted that he does not notice that Yumi has been devirtualized. Not until, that is, she says, “What are you doing?”

He turns around in surprise, leaving himself fully exposed, but he can’t stop himself from losing control of his bladder, and can just barely catch his urine in the bottle as he lets loose, peeing in front of her. He blushes and stammers, trying to explain himself, while she finds herself unable to turn away until he is finally done.

“Please...don’t mention this to anyone else?”

“I won’t,” she agrees, also blushing rather hard, and both decide to do what they can to forget about this incident.

*114*2019-03-11 15:31

It is a normal day for both Gumball and Hotdog Guy, sitting in class and waiting for the bell to ring. When it does, they both leave to go to the bathroom and, when they get there are the same time, they see that the stalls are being used, and with only one urinal, only one of them can go at a time.

However, since they both arrived at the same time, there is no fair way of deciding who gets to go first. Both want to make a good argument for why they should be able to, and neither want to back down from that. Which means that they are left at a standstill right up until their break is over, and they have to return to class. If only they had made a decision, if one of them had backed down, but now they have missed their chance for the time being.

Both of them decide that they will be fine to hold it for another and hopefully have better luck on their next break, and return to class. However, unfortunately for them, their next lesson covers ecosystems, and they are to spend most of the class watching a documentary that focuses on bodies of water, and how important they are to the ecosystems they are covering.

There are a lot of waterfalls featured, and Gumball soon finds himself sweating with the strain of holding it. What had not initially been that bad of an urge is now overpowering, and he crosses his legs, struggling to hold it throughout this torturous class. Meanwhile, Hotdog Guy is suffering a similar fate, his bladder throbbing more and more with each shot of a waterfall that he has to look at. He squirms in his seat, legs crossed, and completely unable to sit still.

The longer class goes on, the more Gumball begins to wonder if he will actually be able to hold it or not, and his need gets worse and worse. It hurts to try to sit still, but he hopes that his need is not completely obvious to everyone around him. As it is, only Hotdog Guy is aware of how desperate he is, but he is also in that situation, biting his lip as he fights against his urge.

He is also worried about not being able to make it, and class drags on for the both of them, feeling like it is taking forever. The frequent shots of waterfalls are absolute torture for their bladders, and both feel like they could explode at any moment. It becomes harder and harder not to openly show any signs, with Gumball tapping his foot in an erratic rhythm and Hotdog Guy shifting and squirming in his seat, trying to find a position that doesn’t make apply any extra pressure to his swollen bladder.

Time ticks by so slowly, until finally, it is only a few minutes until the bell rings, and both find themselves paying more attention to the clock than the documentary, anything being easier to watch in their current states than all that water. Finally, at long last, the bell rings, and the two of them are out of their desks in a split second, hurrying to make it to the bathroom before the dam breaks, so to speak.

But when they reach the bathroom, just like before, they have no access to the stalls, and with only the one urinal, they once again have to decide who gets to go first. Before, Gumball thought that if they were in this situation again, he would take the second turn just to get it over with and avoid the argument, but now he isn’t sure he can make it that long. Neither, it turns out, is Hotdog Guy, and they look at each other pleadingly before a decision is made.

“Just don’t tell anyone,” says Gumball with a sigh.

“You don’t tell anyone either,” replies Hotdog Guy, and they get themselves ready to use the same urinal at the same time.

However, it is at that moment that Darwin enters the bathroom, seeing the two of them, and asks, “What are you doing?”

Surprised at his sudden entrance, they both turn around and, fully exposed, finally lose the battle with their bladders. Darwin gasps in surprise as they both begin to pee on the floor, but neither one of them can move, so overcome with their relief that they remain frozen, sighing in relief as they are finally able to empty their bladders.

When it is all over, and Gumball and Hotdog Guy realize what they’ve done, they turn their attention to Darwin. “Please, please don’t tell anyone about this,” Hotdog Guy begs.

“Seriously,” says Gumball, a pleading look in his eyes, and they are able to get Darwin to agree. Then, it is time for them to begin cleaning up their mess, hurrying so that they are not late to their next class.

*116*2019-04-04 18:11

There has recently been a string of strange crimes- robberies at amusement parks, with concession equipment being stolen completely undetected. Therefore, in order to try and catch the thief in the act, Nick and Judy are given undercover work at one of the amusement parks that has not been hit yet, while other cops are at the others. Their undercover job involves wearing large mascot costumes, meant to make them look like flowers- which Nick is quick to point out looks ridiculous, while Judy tells him not to complain, they don’t have a choice- and just try to blend in with the crowd.

It’s an easy enough job for the time being, but it isn’t long before things start to get complicated. About two hours into their day, both get an urge to pee around the same time. While working as mascots, they aren’t allowed to speak, so neither can ask the other to cover for them while they go, or ask for a break. Judy looks to the line and sees how long a wait it is just to get into the bathroom, and she knows that asking for a break probably wouldn’t go well anyway.

When Nick looks, he also sees how long the line is and decides to wait it out, rather than try to signal for a break and sneak off. It’s better to wait for their shift to end, but an hour into waiting, and he isn’t as sure about that as he initially was. The more time ticks on, the more badly he has to go, with the throb in his bladder increasing to the point that it is very uncomfortable. Meanwhile, Judy is not holding up much better, and when she’s been in the suit for more than four hours, she has gotten to the point where she tries to subtly cross her legs, but in a costume like this, it is very hard to do without it being noticeable. There isn’t anyone around who looks like they could be a suspect, no activity to indicate that they’re onto anything, and as soon as Judy decides that she will just cross her legs anyway, she notices that Nick does the exact same thing, and she wonders if he is feeling just as desperate as she is right now. 

Biting her lip, she wonders what either of them can do in this situation. She blushes, looking to Nick, and he points down to the crotch area as a signal. Judy nods in response, but there isn’t much left they can do to communicate or figure out a solution. She wants to keep waiting, but she isn’t sure if she’ll be able to. Nick feels the same way, to the point that he decides that there is no better option than to make a break for it. He is nearly at his limit, his bladder is so full now, and when he hurries off to the bathroom, Judy does not hesitate to follow him, joining him in the very long lines. 

This is not the best of situations, because some people think they are just playing a part in line, and try to interact with them, but the more obviously fidgety they become, the more their desperation shows even in the large costumes, and it is obvious just how badly they have to go. It’s humiliating, and the line moves so slowly that neither of them think that they’ll get to the front of it in time. Finally, they both decide to break away and try to figure something else out, before it’s too late. They hurry off to a janitor’s closet, but neither of them are able to open the door due to the size of their costume hands.

Nick hurriedly tries to get Judy’s costume off, but runs into the same problem. With their costumes proving difficult to remove and the door impossible to open, they begin to panic, not sure what to do. It is then that they see a maintenance worker passing by, and they wave him over, breaking character for the first time. “Can you help us with the zipper?” asks Nick, pulling off his mascot head, and Judy does the same. “It’s a bit of an emergency.” The man asks no questions, fortunately, and helps with their zippers before leaving them on their own to get out of their suits again, and not a moment too soon. Both feel as though the dam could burst at any moment, but when they try the closet door, they find that it’s been locked all along.

Without any option, and no time left to really think it through, they ditch their costumes and hurry to the nearest tree, both hoping that it’s secluded enough. After checking that no one is watching, they both unzip, just in time, and water the tree with their powerful streams, giving huge sighs of relief. However, their relief is short lived as they hear laughter and realize that they’ve been spotted, Neither are able to stop until it’s already done, and by then some have even started recording. Humiliated, they both run away as quickly as possible, hoping that once they’re back in their costumes, they won’t be recognized.

*119*2019-05-16 17:53

A/N: this one plays off an older idea with a different outcome

On a mission where Sly has to spy on Carmelita, he does his best to prepare for it, but it’s difficult to prepare for something that takes as long as something like this. Even with going to the bathroom beforehand, there is nothing he can do about the urge to pee that builds over time, and two hours into watching over her, he can feel that his bladder is growing heavier and heavier, becoming a bit of a nuisance.

He tries to ignore it as best he can, knowing that he can’t do anything to relieve himself until the mission is complete, but that is easier said than done. He is watching her from above, on the ceiling, and he can’t get down without her noticing, until she leaves, but that is taking such a long time that he is really not sure if he will be able to make it or not. He worries that he won’t be able to hold it, but still he continues to fight the throbbing in his bladder, wincing and squirming, hoping that his efforts don’t call attention to himself.

He does not want her to notice him up there, and he bites his lip, hoping to stifle any moans that might try to escape. When his desperation grows to the point that he actually leaks, he inwardly curses, clenching as much as he can to stop any further leaks from escaping. For now, only his underwear is dampened, but if this keeps up, then he knows that his position will become obvious.

Wetting himself is completely out of the question, as out of the question as exposing his hiding place to Carmelita, and because the two go hand in hand, it makes them both seem more difficult as a result. He steels himself, but even so, his resolve cannot hold out forever. Another leak escapes, followed by one large enough to soak through a little bit, leaving a damp spot on his pants. It’s still not so much that the cloth doesn’t trap it, but with his precarious position, if he leaks even a little bit more, than he is definitely done for.

He prays that Carmelita leaves the room soon, so that he can have enough time to escape her notice, and at this point, he doesn’t even care if his bladder holds out as long as he can escape. But it does not seem that any of that will be possible, and that the worst case scenario will come to pass. His wet patch continues to grow as he is unable to stop more leaks from coming, until he knows that the fabric cannot hold up.

If even one single drop that escapes hits her, it will alert her to his presence, but he can’t hold back for much longer, and then, suddenly, comes the leak that spells his doom.

Carmelita is hit by a drop, looking up to see if the ceiling is leaking only to discover him there, at the worst possible moment.

“Sly?! What are you doing?!”

He isn’t able to answer her question; in fact, he is just barely able to warn her as the last of his control slips and he says, “Carmelita, move!” All he can do from that point on is unzip his pants quickly, before he loses control completely.

Unfortunately for her, Carmelita doesn’t understand his warning until it’s too late, and she is completely soaked by his torrent, only now realizing what he meant. Sly gives a sigh of relief, his eyes closed so he does not see that she is still underneath him, but then, he loses his footing when he loses his focus, and falls to the ground.

Carmelita is at least able to move out of the way in time to avoid getting hit by him, and she wastes no time in cuffing him. “You’re under arrest,” she says simply, “and don’t you dare speak of this to anyone.”

*121*2019-08-06 15:28

Nick and Judy wake up early on the day of the big parade. They were chosen to represent ZPD in it, and they’re both excited to get started. It’s supposed to be a really hot day so they both fill up water bottles full of water, to keep themselves hydrated throughout the day. They help everything get setup for the parade before getting ready on the float, and then, it’s just a fun day of smiling and waving at the crowds.

Except for one unforeseen problem: with all that they’ve been drinking while getting ready, it isn’t long before both start to feel the urge to pee. While both initially ignore it, when it gets to be about halfway through the parade, Nick finally turns to Judy and asks, “Hey, uh, do you know how much longer this will be? I really need to water some flowers, if you catch my drift.”

Checking her watch, Judy replies, “Another hour and a half. I have to go too, just try not to think about it.”

He knows that she’s right, but it’s easier said than done. The float passes a set of sprinklers going off, which only serves to make their needs even worse. Both of them begin to cross their legs a bit, trying not to make the need obvious to the crowd, but having to do something to feel better, even if it is only temporary relief before things get really bad again.

Even after they have completely passed the sprinklers, they do not feel much better, their bladders throbbing for relief as things only get worse for them. There’s now about an hour left of the parade, but that feels like a century when they both have to go as badly as they do, with no way out of it.

“I don’t know how much longer I can make it,” he admits to Judy. “I really need to water those flowers!”

Blushing about how open he is being with his desperation, she says, “There’s nothing we can do.” Still, she understands how bad he must be feeling right now. She has to go so badly that she can’t even stay still anymore, squirming where she can, shifting her weight from foot to foot to try and make it a little bit more bearable. Any minute now, she feels like she could lose control, but she continues fighting against it, hoping that she can make it until the end of the parade.

When there’s just thirty minutes left, she tenses as she feels a leak escape, trying not to show her panic outwardly. Nick, however, gasps audibly and says, “Judy, I really don’t think I’m gonna make it. What do we do?!”

“There’s really nothing we can do,” she replies, but she is not so sure for herself either, and would give anything for it to be over by now. “I really wish we could just use those bottles we had…”

“It’d be easier for me to use it than you,” he jokes, and stops his laughter before it causes him to wet himself. He is really trying his best to not give in, but with time dragging on so slowly, and now twenty minutes left in the parade, he isn’t so sure that he can do this anymore. He leaks again, and he knows that this is the end for him.

“I-I can’t hold it!” He can no longer act rationally in his desperation, reaching for his water bottle before he unzips his uniform. “I’m so sorry, this is an emergency!” he cries, as the crowd they’re passing stares at him in disbelief.

Judy stares in shock as he actually begins to pee in the bottle in full view of everyone, but then, the sight and sounds of him relieving himself quickly become too much for her. She starts to wet herself and is just barely able to stop it before it becomes unmanageable. “I guess I have no choice,” she says, getting out of her pants and grabbing the bottle, aiming it perfectly so that she can begin to fill it up. For a moment, both are so relieved that they barely care that they’re being watched, but then their radios go off.

“What the hell are you going?!” It’s the chief, who more than likely is watching this unfold on TV right now, reminding them that this is being broadcasted. Not only that, but there are those in the crowd recording this, but they had been so overwhelmed with relief that they didn’t care.

Now, they quickly zip up their uniforms, blushing hard as they realize what they’ve just done.

*123*2019-08-20 15:43

While Jackie and Jade are at the mall, looking for the talisman, Jade takes advantage of free refills for her soda in the food court. She ends up downing five cups of it, and when the two of them are busy searching the mall, she realizes that all that she’s had to drink has caught up with her, and that she actually really needs to pee now. Though the two of them are busy, she knows that she can’t ignore this, and that it’s better to take a break right now rather than risk it.

“I need a pit stop!” she says.

Groaning, Jackie says, “You need to do this now?!”

Holding up her empty cup, she shakes it and says, “Hello? Five sodas?” Letting him know that this is urgent, she heads off without another word, looking for the bathroom so she can get this over with quickly and get back to work, without him fussing at her too much for wasting time.

However, when she gets to the bathroom, she sees that the stalls are all filled up, and there is a bit of a line. Groaning in desperation, she gets to the back of the line, hoping that it will go quickly, as her situation is pretty bad. She waits as a few people go ahead of her, her bladder aching more and more the loner she has to wait. She shouldn’t have had so much to drink, she knows, and she wishes she had paid better attention and realized that she had to go sooner. Even if she’d had to wait in line, at least she wouldn’t have been this desperate in line, or she could have beaten the line altogether.

Instead she’s stuck in this very uncomfortable situation, trying not to show her desperation too publicly but knowing that if she doesn’t do something to ease it, she will probably lose control before she has her turn. Squeezing her thighs together, she bites her lip and wonders if this is subtle enough to keep anyone from noticing. She certainly doesn’t feel like it helps too much, but she really doesn’t want to give herself away that easily. It hurts so much she can barely stand it, but exposing her desperation this soon would be so embarrassing. All she can do is wait it out, as the line slowly continues to move.

She moves forward closer to the stalls, until there are only two people in front of her. She tries to tell herself that with so few people in front of her, she’ll be fine, and at first, it really does seem like that will be the case. The next person is soon in the stall, and there’s just the one person in front of her. Jade wiggles a little bit in place, not caring as much about one person seeing her desperate, and much more wanting to prevent any potential accident.

Just a little bit longer, and then everything is going to be okay for her. That’s what she keeps repeating to herself, and when the last person enters the stall, she thinks that that’s the case. However, time cannot move fast enough for her, and the women in front of her are taking too long. She knows that once one of them comes out she’ll be fine, but they aren’t coming out, and she’s trembling with how bad she needs to pee.

For just a moment, she looks at the cup in her hand, considering it, but quickly banishes that idea. No way! Except...a few seconds later, her bladder contracts, and she leaks, and she knows that she won’t be able to make it any longer. She’s so desperate that she knows she can’t afford to wait a moment longer, so she pulls her pants down, getting ready to use the cup.

At that moment, one of the women exits the stall, and is shocked. “What are you doing?!” she asks.

“I...I…” She tries to explain herself, but then, she starts to lose control and knows she can’t stop it from happening. So she positions the cup, sighing in relief as she finally is able to let go. She’s so full that it isn’t long before the cup starts to overflow. The others in the stalls exit at that point, and everyone sees as a puddle forms on the floor when her cup overflows.

Jade is absolutely humiliated, but all she can do is finish, blushing and saying, “S-sorry!” Finally, she’s able to zip up and do away with the cup, running away from the women, still staring at her in shock.

