Story Time (A Sabrina the Teenage Witch Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-05-15 19:06

A/N: Another commisson

Sabrina isn’t sure what possesses her to do it, but her curiosity about something involving her magic typewriter continues to plague her. She’s certain that she shouldn’t do this, but it’s so hard for her to get the idea out of her head, and she wonders what would happen if she wrote out a story like this, involving a character based off one of her old friends.

It’s been so long since she’s seen Jenny that she wouldn’t even bother coming up with a false name for her character. Since they’ve been apart for so long it almost won’t even feel weird to write about her just as herself. The idea hasn’t been able to leave her mind, and she really wants to be able to see an idea like this come to mind. Why she’s fixated on Jenny so much for it, she isn’t sure, but she knows that it absolutely has to be her.

As for the scene, she decides to set it in another a story much like the soap opera of her life she once experienced, though she puts a lot less thought into the set up than she did with her secret agent story.. It doesn’t need to be super detailed, she knows; it just has to be good enough to get her to the point of the story that she’s most interested in seeing.

Jenny is innocently enjoying her day, not knowing that things are soon going to take a turn for the worse. She isn’t aware of the fact that someone has it out for her…

Sabrina pauses, wondering who would actually have it out for her friend. Perhaps she could just write in something ridiculous, like she would see in any soap opera. Nodding,s he gets back to it.

She doesn’t know anything about her mother’s evil twin, intent on stealing their happy family life for herself. Part of that process is going to involve taking Jenny captive, which is unfortunate for the poor girl!

~X~

Jenny has had a long day at school, and all she wants is to get home as quickly as possible. She’s been so busy between classes that she hasn’t had the chance to visit the bathroom since before lunch, and her bladder is pretty full now. It’s nothing she can’t handle, but she’d still rather be rid of the discomfort, as soon as possible. The quicker she gets home, the better for her, she knows.

As she gets her stuff ready to go home, she can feel her bladder throbbing. She would go to the bathroom at school, but it’s always so crowded directly after school, and she thinks that it would be less of a wait to just go home instead. Better to do that than to stand around, growing visibly more desperate as she waits for her turn in the bathroom, letting everyone see just how bad it is for her. She decides that she’s got to get home quickly, to avoid any unnecessary discomfort.

However, her walk home is filled with plenty of discomfort, as her bladder aches a bit more with each step. She supposes that, if she needed to, she could hold it for longer, but she doesn’t want to, and the idea of forcing herself to do something like that seems akin to torture. How she’s even ended up in a situation that’s gone this far is unknown to her, and she knows that she has to get home as quickly as she can. But her bladder protests if she walks too fast, so she knows that she has to take things a little bit slower. That is how she ends up taking her sweet time to get home, even though every minute wasted is another minute closer to her being forced to wet herself.

She isn’t going to do that, though; that’s not something that she’s going to even allow herself to think about. It’s not like she’s forcing herself to hold it for too long, this isn’t more than she can handle at all. She isn’t anywhere near actually wetting herself, no matter how nervous she might be now, as her bladder continues to throb and protest each step. She’s almost home now, and she definitely hasn’t pushed herself too far, and everything is going to be just fine.

Except when she opens the door, her mom is staring at her with a very strange expression. As far as Jenny knows, her mom shouldn’t even be home right now, but there she is, with a weird, almost menacing smile on her face. Jenny is suddenly very, very afraid, and her bladder feels weaker as a result, though that is far from her mind as she wonders what on earth is going on her.

“Mom?” she asks tentatively.

“Not yet,” the woman replies vaguely.

“Huh? What do you mean, mom?”

Suddenly, the woman pulls out a bunch of rope from behind her back, and her menacing smile grows. “I’m not your mother, but I will be soon,” she says. “This whole family is going to be mine, but I can’t have you getting in the way of my plan.” She begins to close on Jenny, who still doesn’t understand what on earth is going on here. Who is this, if it isn’t her mother? And what is she talking about with this plan? What is going on? All she knows is that she has to be in serious danger.

“Get away from me!” she cries, but the woman rounds on her, and though she tries to fight back, she isn’t able to. The woman overpowers her quickly, and even though she kicks and screams, the strange woman who looks like her mother is able to tie her up and drag her to a closet, locking her in.

“Let me go!”

“I’m sorry,” the voice on the other side of the door says, “but I just can’t afford you intervening until I’ve done everything I’m supposed to do. You’ll just have to wait until I come back for you.”

“But...but...please!” she cries in distress. “You don’t understand!”

“And just what don’t I understand?” she asks coldly. “Why should I let you out of there?”

“I really…” It’s embarrassing for Jenny to admit, but she knows that she can’t afford any shame right now. “I really need to go to the bathroom! Please, you can tie me right up again!”

“And risk having you try to escape? Just how stupid do you think I am? If you really have to go, you can just hold it,” she snaps. “Or you can have a little accident, I really don’t care either way. Mommy’s busy right now.”

And with that, Jenny hears her footsteps getting further and further away, leaving her trapped here for who knows how long! If only she had gone at school, she thinks; even though needing to pee is the least of her problems right now, it’s still a pretty big problem, and if she could have even one less, that would make this slightly more bearable. At least then she could wait for rescue with a bit less discomfort. Now, she doesn’t know what she’s going to do.

As long as she’s trapped in the closet, she’s completely out of luck, and that’s all she does know. Her only option is to try to hold it, but she isn’t sure how long she’s actually going to be able to hold it for, nor does she know how long she’s going to need to hold it for. Does anyone know what’s going on? Will there ever be any rescue for her? What on earth is the woman who looks like her mother trying to plan? How is she going to end up getting out of this?

~X~

Will she even be able to escape with her life? As Sabrina types, the story unfolds itself before her, and the more she watches her friend squirm and fidget in her bindings, the more excited she finds herself becoming, even though she still can’t quite put a name to that excitement, nor can she understand why this is what excites her in the first place.

The story is turning out pretty well, she thinks, but now comes the more difficult part. She has to make the buildup feel realistic and not rushed, without making it too tedious. It’s her first time writing anything like this, so she hopes that she doesn’t mess it up.

Now, where was she? She can imagine where this is going from here, but she has to make sure that she times everything just right to make it the best story possible. After all, if she doesn’t do her best at it, the story will unfold on its own, regardless of her wishes. Her story has to be absolutely perfect, so that it can go the way she wants it to, and so that she can enjoy it to the best of her ability.

She resumes typing with determination.

~X~

For now, there is nothing Jenny can do but try to keep herself calm. As long as she is tied up, she is trapped here, which means that there’s no use getting herself worked up over anything. The more nervous she becomes, the harder it is to hold it, because getting afraid nearly causes her to lose control. If she’s going to make it a bit longer, she has to keep herself calm.

In the back of her mind, she doesn’t know why she’s bothering in the first place, since she has no idea when she’s even going to be out of here, but it helps to focus on anything other than the fact that she’s been trapped by a terrifying stranger with her mother’s face.

Rather than thinking about that any further, or how scared she is of her, or how scared she is for the fate of her family, she only thinks about the fact that she has to keep a level head in order to keep her bladder in check. She’s had to go for so long now, and she can’t imagine being able to hold it for too much longer, but she does what she can to persevere.

Squirming where she’s bound, she does what she can to rub her thighs together as best as she can the way she is. There’s not much she can do with the way she’s tied up, which makes holding it all the more difficult for her right now. She bites down hard on her lip, and tries to think about something else, something unrelated, but it’s hard to distract herself in this state.

I’m not going to get out of this, am I? she asks herself. She knows that she shouldn’t lose heart, but what choice does she have? There’s nothing left for her to hope for anymore. She takes a deep breath, whimpering softly as she exhales. It hurts so much, and she can’t keep still, and she knows that it would be better to just let go now, rather than forcing herself to keep holding on, but she can’t let go of the ridiculous wish that someone might find her quickly, soon enough to let her out and let her go to the bathroom.

If she has even the slightest chance of making it, she wants to to do her best to keep waiting. If only she hadn’t pushed herself to wait this long...she could have been late for a class...she could have waited in line after school...she could have done anything but this, but there was no way for her to know that something so horrible would be waiting for her. Wishing to change the past won’t do anything for her now, but that’s all she can think about as she curses her own carelessness that helped lead her into such an awful situation.

I shouldn’t have waited for so long, she scolds herself. All I can do now is try to escape, even though I know that that’s probably never going to happen.

With that in mind, she begins to squirm differently, trying to feel for any weak spots in the rope that ties her arms and legs together. If she can get even one hand loose it would change everything, and she wonders if the lady is actually any good at tying rope, but as she struggles, it seems that she isn’t able to find any slack. Whoever it is, she must be very skilled in this, and must have gotten a lot of practice in for carrying out her evil scheme.

There aren’t any weak points, no matter how she struggles or pulls, and she supposes that she should just consider herself lucky that only her hands and feet are bound. If there were any rope digging into her stomach, she isn’t sure if her bladder would be able to take it, and that would mean disaster for sure. But without a way out of the rope, then there’s no way to try to break out of the closet. If she were standing, she could brace her weight against the door and try to break it down, but like this...like this, she’s completely helpless.

Maybe if she rammed her head against the door enough times, but that would only result in her getting her. Besides, the more she thinks about it, trying to break down the door would jostle her a lot, so maybe even if she could try, she wouldn’t be able to do it without causing her bladder to give out on her. Maybe it would be too much to try and hold it while doing such extreme physical labor, so maybe escape would be impossible for her no matter what.

She has no way of knowing how much time has passed while she’s in here. It feels like it’s been an eternity, but she knows that it’s probably just time seeming like it’s moving slowly because of how desperate she is to get out of here. Maybe it’s only been ten or fifteen minutes, maybe it’s only been an hour. She has no way of knowing, since she doesn’t have a watch or anything, and her wrists are tied behind her back anyway.

However long it’s been, it doesn’t really matter; she knows that she doesn’t have long left before she loses completely control anyway.

This situation has never been anything but hopeless from the start, and she should have just given up sooner, rather than forcing herself to wait until this point, so desperate now that she is near tears. It hurts so badly and she can’t keep still, squeezing her thighs together again and again, biting down hard on her lip as she tries and fails to ignore the over full sensation of her bladder. Yes, she’s definitely near tears now, as she can feel them pricking at her eyes, and she can’t help but let them fall, even though that feels like admitting defeat.

Still, there’s no point in denying it now; she is defeated, and she was the moment she got home and allowed herself to get caught. Nothing could have saved her from this, even if she had gone to the bathroom at school, she still would have ended up tied up in her closet, even if it would have been a slightly more bearable imprisonment. Whatever the case, she’s soon going to be soaked through on the floor of this closet, and she sniffs, allowing herself to cry freely as she fights the last legs of her losing battle.

Her breathing is so unsteady now, and it, accompanied by her desperate whimpers of pain, are the only sounds audible in the otherwise silent house. No one is going to come home and no one is going to come for her, not for a very long time. Even if someone does come, they probably won’t be there to help her, and things will likely only get worse for her from here. Wetting herself is not going to be the worst thing that happens to her today, and at this point, it’s totally inevitable. If only she could cross her legs or grab herself in order to lessen some of the pressure, but if she could do something like that, then that would mean that she would have freedom of movement, and maybe then she wouldn’t be in this predicament to begin with.

She begins to leak, once and then again, a moment later, and each leak is a quick burst of liquid that she is just barely able to stop. However, the second isn’t the last, and the third one is bigger, and from that point on, it becomes more and more frequent, and she is less and less able to fight them off, until finally, she is not able to fight them off at all.

Finally, she begins to wet herself completely, tears running down her face as she feels herself growing wetter and wetter, her bladder emptying itself as she sits on the closet floor, no closer to rescue than before. It feels like an eternity before she’s completely empty, and though the relief is overwhelming, the humiliation is unbearable like this. And she is still trapped, and still unsure of when she’ll be free. Until then, she has to sit in her own wet clothes and self-made puddle.

~X~

What will become of Jenny now? Will she ever be set free from her prison? What lays in store for her? As Sabrina types out the cliffhanger ending, she can’t help but feel proud of herself for this story, even if she still isn’t sure why she wanted to write it so much. It certainly excited her to write, and she really got sucked into it, but now that she’s come back to her senses, she realizes that she must have gotten to into it and lost track of time. Now it seems that she’s been neglecting her own needs, and she’s quick to get up to take care of that.

*003*2017-05-16 21:11

{{3 hours ago, InconFurryGirl said:

Hmmm. I'm not sure about the decision to set it in the Sabrina universe but, other than that? Pretty good. Great descriptions, lots of build up to the final event, etc. Good job!

}}

It was just what my client wanted so it was what i did

