From The Station (A My Hero Academia Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-11-27 18:52

A/N: Another old one I wrote, a collaboration between me and Birdschach actually, not that he still uses this site. Another reminder that, if you like what you read here, I'm open for commissions right now!

Ordinarily, Katsuki Bakugo would never allow this to happen. When you’ve gotta piss, you go piss, it’s not that fucking complicated. Of course, that’s when he’s alone. Once you throw a group of classmates into the mix, it gets a bit harder to excuse yourself.

They’d all fucking look at him, as if he was weak or some shit for needing to take a break. It's something that happens to everyone, but like hell he'd give them an opportunity like that. So, Katsuki stays silent. Well, about that at least. And if anyone notices he's more aggressive than usual, they don't bother mentioning it.

Needless to say, time can't seem to pass quickly enough. The lecture drags on and on, just more shit everyone should already know if they're serious, but Katsuki can't focus on anything but his bladder, and his slowly increasing discomfort. Eventually, the day is going to be over and he can go piss without anyone giving him any fucking looks for it, because school’s over and who cares what he does then?

The fact that this situation is so ridiculous- and, yes, he knows that the fact that he’s put it off for this long and let himself get in this situation and won’t do anything to get out of it is ridiculous, but whatever- is part of what’s irritating him so much. He knows that he should have just dealt with this earlier, or that he should ask to be excused and to hell with what anyone has to say about it. Hell, a part of him even knows that it’s very unlikely anyone will have anything to say about it, and still that doesn’t stop him from thinking that it’s much more worth it to wait this out. After all, he isn’t weak, so it’s really not that much of a problem. It’s just a distraction, that’s all.

He keeps thinking that up until the very end of his last class. As they're dismissed, he can't help but feel an overwhelming relief. Of course, he knew he was strong enough to make it, but it's still a good feeling either way. As he rises from his chair, grabbing his bag and scowling as he walks out, he feels a twinge of pain. It's a reminder that he needs to hurry to the nearest bathroom, a reminder that Katsuki is eager to heed.

Until a certain voice catches him dead in his tracks.

“Hey, Kacchan… you really booked it out of class today. I'm glad I caught you, though! I mean, we're going to same place and all…” Izuku says, catching up to his childhood friend easily. Usually, Katsuki would outrun him, but in his current state he can't exactly break into a full on sprint.

“What do you want, Deku?” he snaps. Of all people to bug him, of all times to bug him...he growls a bit, and Izuku flinches back.

“Didn't you want to walk to the station with me?” He hates the hopeful like on his face, like it’s something they do all the time. Well, they have been doing it more and more often lately, but that doesn't mean shit. It certainly doesn't mean he should expect it, and Katsuki is ready to tell him to get lost, when he hesitates.

It’s not like he has a good excuse, and Izuku is getting to the point where he won't leave him alone without a good excuse. He isn't going to let Deku think he's weak, and he isn't weak, so he sure as hell can wait till he gets home. At least, that's what he tells himself, and it has nothing to do with wanting to walk with him, while still not wanting him to know that he's growing desperate.

“Sure, whatever,” he grumbles. “Since I'm going that way anyway.”

“Yeah, yeah, Kacchan, it’s all coincidence, right?” Izuku asks, and Katsuki swears there’s some teasing to his tone.

“And what’s that supposed to mean!?” Katsuki asks.

“Nothing, I was just checking. You seemed a bit anxious to get out of class, everything okay?”

“Of course it is! Just a boring fucking lesson, as if we don’t all already know about Hero Laws. Half of them were on the entrance exam, damn it.”

“I don’t know, some of them were new! And it’s pretty important, anyway. If we’re gonna be successful, we’ve gotta know that kind of stuff.”

“You think I don’t fucking know that!? You don’t have to explain that to me, Deku,” Katsuki says, the argument taking his mind from just how bad his need is growing. There were finally nearing the station, but he feels a sudden twinge of pain; his bladder crying out for relief. Luckily, the pained grunt of surprise is something he could disguise as one of his usual growls.

At the very least, Izuku seems to take the hint, and as they ride the train back home, he's able to focus on holding without letting on to the fact that he is in relative silence. He keeps his legs as tightly pressed together as possible and grits his teeth and clenches his fists, and it's not like he doesn't look tense and pissed off all the time. There's nothing too off about his appearance, nothing that anyone who knew him would notice.

“Don't worry, we’re almost home, Kacchan.” Except then Izuku has to go and say something like that.

“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“You just seem kind of off is all. Oh, don’t take that the wrong way! I just thought maybe you were feeling sick or something…”

“Huh? What are you going on about. I'm fine, don't be weird,” he huffs. “..fucking nerd.”

“I… if you say so, but it’s okay if you feel a little sick. Obviously it’s no big deal to someone as awesome as you.”

“I just said not to be weird!” he says, “And even if there was something to what you’re saying… it’s nothing I can’t handle! So shut up! You don’t know anything!”

“Okay, Kacchan. But if there’s anything I can do to help, let me know, okay?”

“What would I need help with!? You’re always so damn helpful, it’s annoying!” Katsuki says, but even as the words leave his mouth, he feels his need grow. It’s getting absolutely unbearable, and if he were anyone else, he likely wouldn’t make it home from the station, if he’d last until the train arrived in the first place. But since he isn't anyone else, he refuses to let that happen, and the rest of the ride passes in a tense silence, with Katsuki hyper-aware of each movement he makes.

What on earth did he do to deserve a tag along like this anyway? He knows that Izuku is going to invite himself over, like always, or that he's not going to want to turn him away- though why he keeps doing shit like that is beyond him- but he promises himself that once he's in his own home, it's not going to matter. Getting home from school and going to piss is no big deal. He shouldn't have any reason to be shy about this, or anything else, really. Katsuki Bakugo does not get shy.

And yet, as the train pulls in at the station nearest their homes, Katsuki can do nothing but curse how bumpy the ride is as the train pulls to a stop. But, immediately, Izuku is on his feet, and reaching a hand down to help Katsuki up. He swats it away, scowling.

“I don’t need your help getting up, Deku. I’m not some fucking weakling, got it?” he says, standing. Of course, there is a noticeable lag in his movements, far from the usual determined motions Katsuki displays. “Let’s… let’s get out of here.”

“Don’t worry, we’ll be home in no time, Kacchan!”

“Why the hell would I be worried!? I don’t know what would give you that idea, you fucking nerd, but you better forget you ever had it!” He says, and as if to prove his point, Katsuki picks up his pace, pulling ahead of Izuku as they exit the train, and head towards home. A silent part of him wishes the walk wasn’t quite as long as it is.

Each step causes him nothing but pain, and his bladder is jostled so often that he is certain at some points that he's going to leak. And as much as he wants to keep denying the possibility of such a thing, he's not completely impractical, and at this point, there's no denying that he's pushed himself too far. Not being able to do much to help hold it back doesn't help matters either, but he’d sooner die than tip off Deku.

“Your house isn't that far off, you're gonna be just fine,” he says, in a sickly soothing voice, and Katsuki can feel his blood going cold, and then very hot, as he realizes that Izuku has known all along, or at least wised up fast. In spite of himself, his face goes hot. There’s nothing he can do to keep from going a bright scarlet.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’m fine right now! Stupid Deku, what do you know?” Katsuki says. Unfortunately, he is far from fine. Refusing to do something so obvious as cross his legs, his desperation grows too great. With a whimper he has no hope of disguising, he is overwhelmed. A small spurt of piss escapes him, before he can stop it, and even if it isn’t enough to show, the way he stops in the middle of the sidewalk, the whimper… it’s definitely all obvious.

“K-Kacchan!? Are you okay? That sounded bad, but hey, we’re almost there!” Izuku asks, frantic and panicked.

“F-fuck off, Deku!” he snarls, “I don’t need you to tell me how close we are!”

“It’s alright, I know class feels like it lasts forever when-”

“Would you shut the hell up?!” Those aren’t tears pricking at the corners of his eyes, he swears. “I’m just...I’m just fine, you don’t have to look at me like that…”

But he isn’t just fine, and he hasn’t been fine for a very long while. In fact, he’s so very not fine that he can only take a few stiff steps before he’s frozen in place once more, and this time, he knows that another step will spell his doom. “Go home, Deku,” he mutters, not looking up at the other boy.

“Huh? Kacchan?” Rather than fucking off, like Katsuki wants him to, Izuku steps in closer, resting a hand on his arm that is quickly shoved off. “Kacchan, it’s okay.”

“No, it’s not!” His voice breaks as he shouts. “It’s not, I...fuck off, alright?”

“I’m not going to tell anyone, so it’s okay if you…” Blushing, he pauses before saying, “I-I mean, I don’t want you to hurt yourself! So, if you just…”

“No way in hell! I’m not some fucking...I wouldn’t...I don’t…” He can barely even speak now, and having Izuku looking at him with those damn eyes is too much. And yet, his childhood friend moves closer.

“I’m not going anywhere, Kacchan.”

“Why the hell not?!” he asks, Izuku’s words enough to shock him. Why would he stay, after being told not to? And why would he just stand there when Katsuki was at his very limit? Unfortunately for Katsuki, he’s in no state to walk away, or to push Izuku away. Instead, his hands go between his legs, a pose that is embarrassing as hell hell, but helps just a tiny bit.

Slowly, so slowly, he seems to gain control over himself. The desperation he feels begins to fade, just a bit, and Katsuki takes a tentative step. Then another, finally back on his way. Of course he could power through this, it’s nothing to him, after all. But as begins his third step, a twinge of pain worse than any he’s felt yet hits. It feels more like a punch than anything else, and in spite of himself, he doubles over.

“No, no no! Dammit, no!” he nearly shouts, his desire to be as quiet as possible the only thing holding him back. But despite his protests, his bladder gives out. WIth a groan, his piss begins to pour out, soaking through his already damp boxers quickly, before spreading into his uniform pants and down his legs.

Izuku can only watch, mouth open in shock, as Katsuki pisses himself in front of him. It goes on for what feels like ages, but could only be a moment. In spite of how horrible the situation is, how fucking embarrassing it is, Katsuki can’t help but feel relieved. The ache in his abdomen fades, though traces of it are left behind, as his bladder is finally emptied.

Once, when they were really young, they went out exploring and time got away from them. Their adventures came to a halt when Izuku suddenly began whining about how badly he needed to go to the bathroom. Katsuki never said a word to him, but that had snapped him out of the fantasy they'd been in and made him realize he was in the same boat. Instead, he just teased and nagged at Izuku the whole way back, not letting on that he wasn't in very good shape himself, and when Izuku finally wet himself, he only begrudgingly agreed not to tell the other boys in the neighborhood about it.

He fidgeted the whole way back, and he fidgeted standing outside of Izuku’s house, waiting for the sobbing boy to go inside, and then he sprinted back home and made it just in time. For whatever reason, he remembers that as he stands there, humiliated beyond belief. Perhaps because the tables have turned, because he once stood where Izuku does now, and Izuku was the one soaked through, definitely not fighting back tears like some kind of damn weakling.

“What are you looking at?!” he asks, breaking the awkward silence between them. “Why wouldn’t you just fucking leave, like I asked?! I’ll fucking… I’ll fucking kill you! Nobody should see me like this, it shouldn’t happen!”

But Izuku only steps closer to him, a calm smile fixed on his face. As he grows near, he throws his arms open, pulling Katsuki into a tight embrace. He shushes, gently, trying to calm his friend down.

“It’s okay, Kacchan. It’s all okay. I’m not gonna tell anyone, I… well, I still owe you, remember? Not that I would anyway, but… yeah. This just makes us even, right?”

“I… I guess. Only you would remember something that long ago, you nerd. And why the fuck are you hugging me, anyway? You’re just going to get wet too, you know.”

“I know. But don’t worry about me, Kacchan, I just want to make sure you’re okay!”

“I’m not fucking okay, alright? I pissed myself. But… fuck, it’s not the end of the world, or something, I guess.” He's still pretty upset about it, but he doesn't want Izuku to think he's that torn up, because that will only make him look weaker. It has nothing to do with not wanting Izuku to worry, however.

“Let's get back to your house, alright? No one is ever home at this time, so you should be fine!”

“Who said you were coming back with me?”

“But, Kacchan, I just wanted to-”

“Whatever! Just don't make too much of a nuisance of yourself, alright?”

*002*2017-11-28 18:41

{{3 hours ago, Pilly Christal said:

Hi! I liked this fic so much! It was hot and cute at the same time, and I like when Bakugou is a little more human - like this time he needed to pee. Would you like to write more stories like this? :D

}}

I do enjoy writing a more vulnerable Bakugo!

