Four contest stars (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-12 00:03

A/N: A recent commission

It has been a long afternoon, and the four competitors in the very popular contest are glad that it is over. Dawn is, of course, overjoyed to have won the day, even though she went up against some very stiff competition, including her own mother. Everyone wanted a seat in the Contest Hall, to be able to watch veterans Johanna and Fantina, the latter quite beloved in the city as a gym leader as well, take on two younger trainers who are both making names for themselves in the contest world.

Jasmine is also known for being a gym leader, in the Johto region, but she visits Sinnoh to compete in contests whenever she has the chance, and has gained a lot of popularity as a result. Dawn, as the current Sinnoh champion as the daughter of Johanna, would be popular either way, but she is good at what she does, and so, she has gained traction as a coordinator just because of her own merits.

With all four of them going up against one another, there is no doubt that this was a huge event, one that no one wanted to miss, and now that it is over, everyone who attended agrees that it was well worth it. Dawn managed to captivate the audience and the judges, but Jasmine, Johanna, and Fantina gave her a run for her money, making it pretty close, and difficult to decide. But in the end, she was able to prevail, and now she is on cloud nine.

The four of them are just getting ready to head back out, getting changed into their street clothes. Though, in the case of Fantina, that involves a large ball gown that is every bit as loud and luxurious as the costume that she chose to wear to better match with her Duskull during the contest. The four of them have been at this for a while, so each of them feels an urge to pee, one that could easily be ignored during the contest, but now makes itself known, and needs to be taken care of, just as soon as they leave the dressing room.

What they do not realize is that there is a little prankster in the building today, a child of one of the judges who finds contests to be terribly boring. He has pretty much no interest in this, and wishes that he did not have to get dragged along so often, when there are no babysitters willing to take him on, likely because of how much he enjoys playing pranks. It is finally time for him to head home, but just before he goes, he wants to play one more little prank.

He saw the four women go into the dressing room, and so, before he is called away to follow along, he grabs a broom from a nearby closet, and jams it into the door handle, so that there will be no way for the women to push the door open from the inside. He does not know how they are going to get out, and regrets that he can’t stick around to find out, but he is still glad to be able to go home, after a rather boring day.

Jasmine is the one to get finished first, and she heads to the door, ready to push it open, only to be met with resistance. She pushes a bit harder, and still, there is nothing. No matter how much of her weight she puts behind it, she can’t get the door to budge very far, certainly not far enough to get out.

“Is something wrong?” Dawn asks, noticing how she is struggling.

“I just can’t get the door to open. It’s like there’s something stuck out there, keeping us from getting out,” she explains.

“Maybe you’re just not pushing hard enough,” Dawn tries, sure that there is nothing really in the way. However, as soon as she tries it, she realizes that Jasmine is exactly right.

“You see?” Jasmine asks. “I tried, but it just won’t let me out.”

“Well, maybe with both of us pushing,” Dawn offers. The two of the do try this, but of course, it does not do much for the cause.

“You two need a little help?” Johanna asks. “Do you have any idea what’s blocking us?”

“No clue,” her daughter sighs. The three of them try, putting all of their weight behind it, and still, nothing. Fantina is quick to come over to join, now dressed as well, but even with all four of them pushing, the door barely moves, just enough for them to see that there is something jammed there, offering resistance that does not allow them to exit. They can’t even make enough space for one of them to reach a hand through and try and remove the metal bar that is in the way.

“What are we going to do?” Jasmine groans. “There’s no other way out of here.”

“I think the only thing we can do is try and get someone’s attention,” Johanna replies. “We’re going to need someone on the outside to let us out, or else we’re going to be stuck in here.”

The contest hall was crowded before, but the guests don’t come back in this area, and the judges usually head out as soon as the closing ceremonies are over. The women took their time getting dressed, so it is unlikely that a lot of people are going to pass by this way anymore, something that each of them realizes, dread setting in. However, none of them mention this out loud, hoping that positive thinking might help, and not wanting to admit to what has each of them so worried.

Because, of course, they all need to pee, and though things were just fine before, now that there is no guarantee of when they will be able to go to the bathroom, it becomes a lot more worrisome, wondering when that chance will finally come. It is impossible not to get nervous over something like that, with all four of them hoping that they others do not begin to figure out their growing needs, each one oblivious to the fact that it is a universal feeling right now.

After managing such an impressive win over her own mother, the last thing that Dawn wants is for her mom to think that she is a childish girl who can’t even wait to go to the bathroom. Though she is also concerned about how she would look in front of Fantina and Jasmine, her mom is the main problem here, simply because she wants to look grown up. Today was supposed to be a big day for her in that regard, and it still can be, just as long as she is able to keep this under control.

But Dawn is not sure how long she is going to be able to manage that, if her bladder continues to throb, and if they are going to be stuck for a while. Whatever is going on with the door would surely attract attention from the outside, so she hopes that someone will let them out soon, but there is no guarantee of that, especially not if all the judges and the tech crew have already gone home for the day. She has no idea who would have gone so far as to trap them in here, or what reason they would have, but she does know that it spells disaster for her already aching bladder.

While Dawn worries about the way she might look in front of her mother, Johanna is dealing with her own, similar problem. After all, she is one of the adults in the situation, and the last thing that she wants to do is appear weak in front of her own daughter. She could not be more proud of Dawn, for showing off just how far she has come, but it is hard to think about that when all she can really think about is how badly she wants to get the hell out of this dressing room.

Rather than wanting to celebrate Dawn’s victory, she just wishes that Dawn were not here right now, that no one else were here, so that she could cope with her steadily growing desperation all on her own. It hurts to try and keep holding it, and she wishes that she had been able to get dressed a little bit faster. Then, she would have been out and on her way to the bathroom before they were trapped, and she could have let the others out if they were still in here when that happened. Like Dawn, she does not know why this is happening, but she doubts it is anymore than a little prank. Something else would have happened by now, if anyone had any intentions with the four contest stars.

That little prank has turned into a pain in the ass for her, though, and she is not sure just how long she can last like this.

Fantina begins pacing back and forth, unable to help herself. She is quickly growing agitated, with the way her bladder demands her attention, and she would give just about anything to have an easy way out of this situation. With the door stuck like it is, she can’t just go to the bathroom like she would have normally, and with three other ladies in here with her, it is not as if she can do something outrageous, like peeing in a trashcan. Not that an elegant contest star like Fantina would ever consider that, but…

Well, it might be easier to get up the nerve to do something like that if there would not be any witnesses.

That is completely out of the question right now, though, so she just has to do her best and endure. It can’t be the worst situation she has ever been in. She can recall contests where she definitely had to go throughout most of them, getting ready in such a rush, with such an elaborate costume, that she had no chance to take a break beforehand. If she just does her best to endure, then she is sure that she can handle it, because she has always handled it before.

Eventually, someone is going to have to come by and save them, and then they will be just fine. That is what Fantina is thinking, and that is what Jasmine keeps telling herself, all while she struggles to remain still. She does not want to tip the other three off to the fact that she has to go, but it is starting to get pretty bad, and she does not know how much longer she is going to be able to keep things under control, not at this rate. If she does not do something to relieve it soon, it is going to be impossible to hold it.

The only thing worse than the others figuring that she has to go is to not be able to make it. She knows that they would all think she was so pathetic and weak for that, even if they would never say it out loud. They are all such important people, and though Jasmine was not intimidated by them before, she is now, simply because she does not want to wet herself in front of them. She should not even be allowing herself to think along such lines, but what else can she do? It will not leave her mind when it is this bad, and it is only getting worse by the moment, as she is forced to keep waiting it out.

Eventually, she is going to lose control, whether she wants to or not. Unless someone actually comes to save the three of them, there will be no hope of her making it out of this with her dignity, and that thought is nearly enough to make her panic. She is just barely able to keep calm.

With all four of them trying to keep their cool, and none of them willing to admit to the problems at hand, there is not really much they can do but wait, and listen close to the door for any signs of footsteps. They could keep knocking, but it is more likely that would go on for a while without getting any result, and it would tire any one of them out to try and keep it up for too long. It is better to just listen carefully, as it would be hard to silence footsteps on the hard floor along the hallway.

If there is even anyone left in the building at all.

That is the worst line of thinking, but each of them keeps returning to that. They never thought that it would be a problem to take a long time to change, because the idea of getting trapped in their dressing room was just impossible. It does not lock from the outside, and even if it did, there would be no one who wanted to lock them in, or at least, that it what they thought up until now. Clearly, there is someone who wants them trapped in here, but again, it seems more like a prank that was meant to be harmless than anything else. Surely, something would have happened by now if there were any ill intentions.

Secretly, Dawn sort of wishes that were the case. At least then that would mean someone was here, that there was a chance of her getting to a bathroom. She is not sure what she would actually do in that sort of situation, but she does know that she would just be relieved to not be alone. Well, either way, that is not the case, and she and the other three are just stuck here indefinitely, while her need continues to get worse and worse.

It is getting hard to even hold still, as she squirms in place, wondering just how long she can manage like this. Her bladder feels like it is getting more full by the second, and she is not going to last forever, or even that much longer, if things continue on at this rate. She has no idea that she is not the only one suffering like this, but even if she knew, it would not do her all that much good.

Right now, the only thing that is going to do any good for her, or any of them, is just the chance to go to the bathroom. They all are approaching that point where hiding it is going to be impossible, and then they do not know what they are going to do. None of them have much of a clue, but Johanna is starting to realize that she is not going to be able to look strong in front of her daughter forever.

She has to pee worse than she has in a long time, and though she is sure she can keep holding it for a little while yet, that does not mean that she is going to be able to last forever. Trying to hide it is all well and good, but eventually, she is not going to be able to try that anymore, and it is going to become obvious to the other two. As she rubs her thighs together, she wonders just how much longer she can keep this up, or if she should just bring it up already, and see what happens.

It is really starting to hurt, and she can’t hold still for very long. Right now, her movements, are still at least a little bit subtle, but she is sure that, if she keeps fidgeting like this, it is going to become obvious to everyone else that she is battling against her bladder. Once she starts really squirming, then there will be nothing else that she can do, no way that she can keep them from figuring out that she has to pee. More and more, she thinks that she should bring it up, as casually as possible, in the hopes that that will be less embarrassing, and that she is not actually all that alone in this.

Whatever the case, she is not alone, whether she knows that or not, and Jasmine is beginning to get frantic, really starting to worry about herself, and if she can hold it. She is aching from how badly she wants to pee right now, and would give anything for the door to just open for her. Unfortunately, things are just not going to work out that easily, and she turns to face in the other direction, hoping that this will keep the others from figuring out just how desperate she is quickly becoming.

It is now difficult for her to control her facial expression, after all, and the various looks of discomfort that cross her face would certainly be dead giveaways of the fact that she is battling against her bursting bladder right now. She wiggles her legs, trying to move as subtly as she can manage, trying to ease up the pressure without giving away what she is going through right now. Too much more, and there is no chance of it being subtle, but she knows that she will not be able to control herself, the worse it gets. It is either due what her body demands, or wet herself in front of a room of contest stars.

Those contest stars are all just as bad off as she is, though, and Fantina is terrified that she is not going to make it out of this dry. After forcing herself to wait for too long, she knows that she is going to reach her limits eventually. She is by no means invincible, especially not in such a basic need. She is going to have to face the music sooner or later, but still, she continues to fight on.

How long will it be before she is finally able to relieve herself? Is she going to have to just admit to what is going on, in order to avoid worse humiliation? As much as she does not want to have to do something like that, she also knows that it is better not to be shy about such things, when she is in a situation where she has no control over the outcome. Besides, it is not as if she is locked in here with anyone who would be judgmental over such a basic need, and if she were, she would know that their opinions were not worth worrying about, all things considered.

Fantina is pretty sure that just being honest is the best course of action, because at least then she is not trying to hide it while she tries to hold it. If she has to do things that might seem a bit embarrassing to have to hold it in, she would prefer them already know that she is growing desperate, and already expect her to do such things, while she fights the battle against her bursting bladder. And no matter how embarrassing those things may be, Fantina decides to be sure of the fact that none of these ladies are going to mock her for something like that, or think less of her just because she has the same needs that anyone would in her situation.

“I do hope we can escape quickly,” she speaks up. “After all, being stuck in here so long, after such a lengthy contest…well, I must say, it’s made me realize how badly I need a trip to the bathroom!” She keeps her tone light and airy as she says it, completely casual, so that the others do not pick up on just how bad it is becoming for her, but she at least has it out in the air, so that it is not haunting her anymore.

To her surprise, the other three ladies all have expressions of relief on their faces as soon as she has admitted to her growing desperation. Jasmine blushes and nods, while Dawn smiles at her. Johanna is the first to say, “Actually, I know exactly how you feel. I was really looking forward to going to the bathroom after all that, so I do hope we’re able to do that soon.”

“Me too,” Dawn agrees, and Jasmine echoes her sentiment. So, it turns out that all three of them need to pee right now. That does offer some small comfort, as does finally having the need out in the air. At last they do not have to be quite as embarrassed about needing to go, and doing what they have to in order to hold it, even if it still is a little bit embarrassing, and more than a little uncomfortable.

Time still is not going to pass anymore quickly, as they all worry about getting released from their temporary prison. Things are still going slowly, and there is still no sign of life outside of this room, so no matter how much of a relief the shared situation may be, it is not enough to make things feel that much better for very long at all. They are still all very impatient about this, desperate to get out of here before it becomes more than they can handle.

Dawn is the first one to really give into more obvious signs, deciding that she does not have anything to hide if everyone already knows, especially if they might all end up having to do the same things soon as well. She begins squirming pretty openly, shifting her weight from foot to foot as she tries to fight off the way that her bladder keeps aching for relief.

Meanwhile, Johanna keeps stealing glances at her, wondering why she finds it so hard to look away. After all, this is her daughter, and she knows that it must be embarrassing enough for her, without her mother staring at her in concern, basically calling more attention to the fact. The only problem is the fact that Johanna does not exactly feel concern. Well, she does, but that is far from the only thing that she feels right now, and as she keeps sneaking looks at Dawn, she is alarmed to realize what it is starting to feel like.

No, there is no way that there is any part of her that is actually enjoying seeing this. This is her daughter, and her daughter is in pain, just like she is right now. They both have to pee, and they are both suffering for that, so there is no room for enjoyment in a situation like that. She has no idea where such an idea would even come from, if she is being entirely honest with herself, so with that in mind, it should be all too easy for her to completely banish from her mind.

It should be, and yet, she finds her mind returning to that sort of thinking, over and over again, every time she happens to sneak another glance at her squirming, desperate daughter. It seems to be getting a lot worse for her, and Johanna feels bad for her, but feels even worse for how she keeps reacting to that. Her own desperation is increasing as well, but it is hard for her to focus on that when she keeps wondering just why she feels the way she does right now, as if she is getting turned on by the sight of Dawn needing to pee.

It is not just Dawn, either, but things are the most intense where she is concerned. If she notices any signs from Jasmine or Fantina, that excites her as well, but she would not be nearly as worried about that, if Dawn were not also here, also part of the group that she is feeling this way about. She has to wonder why she keeps coming back to this, no matter how she tries to forget it.

What she does not realize is she is not the only one struggling with such strange feelings. Dawn herself is not sure why she keeps getting random surges of arousal, when she is mostly miserable, mostly bursting and trying to keep it in. But whenever she notices her mother shift a bit, or even simply thinks about the fact that she is not the only one who has to go right now, it becomes difficult for her to turn that feeling off, even when she reminds herself that she is thinking this sort of thing about her own mother.

Just what is wrong with her? Why would she ever think anything like this? It definitely can’t be normal, especially given the circumstances, even if she takes out the fact that it is her mother. Even if she were to redirect the feelings to Jasmine or Fantina, that would not make it normal, not by a long shot, and that is without bringing in the fact that she is also desperate right now, that she is still feeling this way even while she is also desperate.

Does she have some weird sort of fetish that she never realized before now? If so, why is it coming up now of all times, when she is sure it is not appropriate at all to be thinking this way? Why is it coming up now, when her mother is right there, and her feelings surge up because of that fact? Dawn can’t come up with any explanation for that, so the best she can do is try to push it out of her mind, trying her best to forget it all, hoping that she can banish it forever.

At worst, she wants to have to face these thoughts later, and at best, never again, but it seems like she is not even going to get her worst case scenario. It seems that, no matter what she does, there is nothing that she can do to completely banish the thoughts, nothing she can do to make herself forget how strange it all feels, watching the others squirms, especially Johanna, who is starting to show more signs.

Though she has done a good job keeping it to herself up until now, it is starting to get bad enough that she keeps squeezing her thighs together or jiggling her legs, and every time she moves, it steals Dawn’s focus, and makes her feel that strange feeling again, while she tries so hard to push it away. There is no way that she could actually be turned on by the sight of her mother desperate to pee! That sort of thing is just…it’s just not possible, and no matter what, she is going to banish it.

While those two deal with their own strange problems, the other two are not doing much better, at least in terms of trying to hold back their needs. Jasmine is getting very frantic, worried that she could spring a leak at any moment, and worried that there is no chance of her getting out of here before she completely soaks herself, in front of everyone. She is glad that she is not the only one who needs to pee, because that makes her need less embarrassing, but that will not really spare her the humiliation of an accident, should that end up being what happens to her.

She hates that she has to resort to something like this already, but she has no choice but to press a hand to the front of her dress, pressing into her lap so that she can hold herself, trying to make it a little bit easier, in any way that she can. It is really getting to be too much, and she is terrified that she might lose control soon, so no matter what, she has to fight against that. Whatever it takes, Jasmine is determined to try and keep it in until they are set free from this room. Surely someone must be able to come and save them soon, she just has to keep believing that.

“Maybe the cleaning staff is still here!” she exclaims, as soon as the idea comes to her. There is no doubt that the judges would all have gone home by now, but the custodians might still be here, since it has only been an hour or so since they realized they were trapped, and it takes longer than that to clean the building.

“Oh, such a good point!” Fantina agrees. “Perhaps we won’t be trapped here too much longer after all. They’ll have to come down this hallway.”

“And when they do, we’ll here them!” Dawn agrees. The four of them are certainly a lot happier to hear something like this. Though they still do not know how long this is going to take, but they have that hope that there might be a chance that they get out of this without too much trouble. It can’t be too much longer before someone comes down this way, so if they can just hold it until then, then everything is going to turn out alright after all.

All there is left to do is keep waiting, though. There is little comfort to be found in that, once their mini celebration settles down, and the four of them fall silent again, remembering that they still have to wait this out, that they have to keep trying to hold it, for however long this may take, even though the need has already gotten so bad for each and every one of them.

With all the time that has already passed, it seems like this might never come to an end for them, but they just have to stay positive, and believe that there is an end in sight. Things are getting down to the wire now, and it all depends on a chance that someone might still come by.

Things do not get much better for these ladies as they keep waiting. It feels like an eternity is passing them by, while they continue to fight with all they have, squirming, dancing, holding themselves, doing whatever they can in order to make this a little bit easier on themselves, until someone is able to let them out of her.

Fantina deeply regrets her choice in clothing right now, because she is not really able to hold herself, not with how big her dress is, and how far the skirt flairs out on all sides. The best that she can do is cross her legs and squirm about, but there is only so much that will do for her, making it even harder for her to fight against the urge that is getting more and more out of control.

At this point, she feels like she has never had to go so badly in all her life, and each time she thinks about that fact, her anxiety for this situation just grows, as she wonders how long she is actually going to be able to keep waiting like this. There is a chance she might not make it, because there is still no sign of freedom for her, and she has no idea what she is going to do if that happens to her.

The other three are not faring much better, even if they are in situations where it is easier to hold themselves. All three of them are doing that by now, even Johanna, with hands between their legs as they squirm about, unable to hold still for even a moment. No matter what, they are not going to be able to hold still, because going still will surely mean losing control. And at the same time that all of this is going on, neither Dawn nor Johanna have been able to shake their strange feelings, and the more frantic the other becomes, the worse those feelings become, and they do not make it any easier to focus on their desperation, that is for sure.

Things are getting worse all the time, but still they try to remain hopeful, and still they keep quiet and stand close to the door, listening as carefully as they can to see if they hear anyone passing by, or anyone coming close. They also hope that, whatever it is that is holding them in this room is pretty visible and obvious from the outside, so that anyone might notice there is something there that should not be, and step in to try and help with the situation.

It hurts to have to go this badly, and they all want relief, just not if it involves wetting themselves. Unfortunately, that choice is not really up to them, and when it comes down to it, there is nothing any of them can do when it finally becomes too much to deal with. Because she is not doing anything to help herself out, Fantina is the first of the four of them to lose control.

It is not that obvious what is happening to her, at least not at first. She is aware of it, but her dress conceals the way she begins soaking through her panties all at once from the others, even as her knees buckle and she stops squirming about, going completely still in her panic. Soon enough, they notice that she is not really squirming anymore, and then, they hear the splattering of liquid on the floor, and it does not take long to put two and two together, and realize that one of them has just lost the battle.

No one says anything about it, not wanting to embarrass Fantina, so they just pretend as if they do not notice it happening at all. Besides, witnessing that is only making holding harder for the remaining three, as they continue to fight it, hands between their legs, never still for even a second, all of them desperate to not end up like Fantina, but of course, there is another to soon falter.

In fact, there are two, and Dawn notices her mom losing control the same time Johanna notices her daughter losing control, and they stay at each other all throughout, not able to bring themselves to look away, but also not thinking anything of how the other stares at them. Dawn’s short skirt shows off the way that it runs down her legs, while Johanna’s pants soon have a visible stain on them, and while both are humiliated, both are also unbelievably turned on to see the other do this, and still have no idea how they are supposed to cope with that sort of feeling, or what it could mean.

Jasmine is the last one in, which feels like a lot of pressure, and only adds to her panic. That is probably why it is only a few moments later that she lets out a soft yelp, tightening her hold on herself, only to get her hands soaked as a result, as her panties, soak through and as she makes a mess of her dress, and of the floor beneath her. Her bursting bladder empties completely, giving her no chance to try and put a stop to this, no chance to get it back under control, as the fourth puddle in the room continues to grow and grow beneath her.

Not one of them was able to hold it to the end, and one child’s harmless prank has brought on a lot of humiliation for the four contest stars. To add insult to injury, it is only a few minutes after Jasmine’s loss of control, not even that long after Fantina’s, that a custodian happens by, immediately noticing the way the door is jammed up, so that the four of them can be let out, so obviously wet and with such a mess left behind that it is all too obvious what has happened in here.

Not a one of them says a word as they file out, headed for the bathroom to at least try and get a little bit cleaned up, before they have to change back into their costumes and head home like that.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

