The Desperate Play (Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-12-17 15:40

A/N: Sorry this commission took forever, as always everyone commissions me all at once so I had a lot going on, and I just finished up exams and such. Plus work has been hectic, so life just kinda exploded. But here it is, finished at last!

Ever since the success of Lola's performance in the school play and the way she had humiliated her rival, Carla had not been able to let it go. Her popularity had slipped considerably, and the other girl had taken her place. Of course, she could not allow something like that, and knew that she had to find some way to get her revenge and regain her following.

Things only got worse when casting for the next play happened and, once again, Lola stole the lead role. Carla was placed in a fairly large role herself, but it was not the lead and therefore was not good enough for her. This gave her all the more reason to want to get back at Lola, and the proper means to begin plotting.

When the show opened, there would be a lot of people in the audience to support Lola, and they would all be looking forward to another stunning performance by her. If, for some reason, something happened while she was onstage, everyone would see and she would likely never be able to live it down.

If something were to happen to her, it would solve all of Carla's problems, but she could not just sit idly by and hope for something to happen. The likelihood of that was so slim, and she was a woman of action. What she needed to do was cause this something to happen and, early on, she began to scheme.

There were plenty of things that would be humiliating enough; if Lola forgot her lines and began to panic in front of everyone, she would be laughed off the stage, or if her costume got messed up and caused her to trip, literally off the stage. But those both relied too much on chance, and Carla didn't really know how she would ensure something like that.

If she were too directly involved, it would be obvious that she was doing it, and then everyone would only hate her more and feel sorry for Lola, and that was not what she was trying to accomplish. It had to be something that she could guarantee would happen without being so involved that it wasn't subtle. That was the tricky part, but she was confident that she could come up with something in time for opening night.

Finally, after much searching and planning, the perfect idea came to her. If she arranged everything just right, there was no way it wouldn't happen, and if she was careful, no one would think to link it back to her.

It took her time to prepare the things she needed, but she had a fair amount of money and influence, and those resources made almost anything possible. So when opening night rolled around, she was ready to act and ready to give the audience a more interesting show than they had expected to see.

The plan was simple- all of the actors and actresses had water bottles backstage, because they couldn't let their throats get too dry during a performance or their voices might crack. They only drank the minimal amount, to avoid any urgent situations during the show, but if anyone were to encounter a situation like that, it would surely ruin their reputation.

So that was the plan, to make sure that that situation did happen and that it happened to Lola. All it took was slipping a little something into her water bottle, and then she would be humiliating herself on stage in no time at all! All the bottles looked mostly the same, but they had an initial on top and she looked for the one with an “L” on it hurriedly, before anyone could catch her.

Hearing some people coming backstage, she scrambled, grabbing one that looked about right and rushing to drug it before quickly putting it back down and playing innocent. It was done and nobody has seen her do it! Now all she had to do was sit back and enjoy the show- and play her own part- so she went to get into her costume.

When she returned, she was pleased to see Lola sipping at her water while she chatted with Ellen, and she had to resist snickering to herself. She couldn't afford to give herself away, but it was so satisfying to see that things were already going according to plan. It would only be a matter of time before they were onstage and then her rival would be humiliated in front of everyone.

They were given their final stage instructions as the lights dimmed and the group got ready to go onstage. Carla could barely contain her excitement, though she didn't have to try too hard; anyone who saw her would assume she was excited to perform. And she was, of course, but there was so much more than that. She took a few sips from her water bottle before the lights came up and the show began.

~X~

Not long into the show, Carla realized that something was wrong. First of all, Lola seemed to be doing just fine, even though she should have felt the effects of the diuretic by now. Second, and more noticeably, Carla had to pee rather suddenly, as if she were the one who had been drugged instead.

Oh no.

She frantically tried to remember if she had gotten the bottles mixed up somehow and wondered if the “C” and the “L” had looked similar somehow. If somebody had bad handwriting, then it was possible, but if that was the case, that meant she was in some serious trouble.

She carried on with her part as if nothing were amiss, but she could feel a telltale ache in her bladder that she knew shouldn't be there, given how little she'd had to drink. Combining that with the fact that Lola did not look even slightly uncomfortable, it seemed pretty obvious that the mix up had happened.

If she had not been in character, she would have groaned. What was she going to do now? Not only had her big plan been spoiled but it was about to backfire in the worst way possible. There was a possibility that she would be the one to face that awful humiliation, and she knew there was no way for her to recover from something like that. Her reputation would be ruined forever, and no amount of scheming could ever fix it for her.

Her only choice was to try to power through, against all odds. If she could hold it until intermission, then that would be fine. The first act wasn't that long and she might even have a chance to put something in Lola's actual bottle this time. Everything would work out just fine, if only she could just hold it until intermission.

Her acting didn't falter at first; she ignored the aching in her bladder even as she felt it swell and throb with each movement. She was not one to let her performance be interrupted by anything, not even her own needs. Her pride simply wouldn't allow her showing any signs of weakness and she had to put on the best show possible.

But that didn't mean she wasn't suffering. No, it was quite the opposite, and pretending to be under control was not easy for her. She was good at what she did, and had never let anything get in the way of her acting before, but her bladder had never ached quite this much during a show before, she had never needed to pee quite this badly. She had always been prepared to deal with anything, but she had no way to deal with something like this.

She tried to keep any trembling out of her voice when she spoke her lines and she struggled to remain still when she was supposed to. It wasn't that she couldn't remember the blocking for each scene, it was that there were too many times when she was not supposed to be moving noticeably, and she had to resist the urge to squirm and call attention to herself when she didn't want it.

She had never thought the show went slowly in all the times they had rehearsed it, and normally shows went by incredibly fast to performers on opening night, but as she tried to count down to intermission, time seemed to crawl by. If only she could do something to make it easier, but that would require breaking character and calling attention to her problem in front of all these people, and that was not something she would ever do willingly.

Steeling herself, she prayed that she could make it through the next couple scenes without incident, and perhaps that was plausible if things didn't get any worse between now and then. Right now, the throbbing in her bladder was nearly torturous, and made itself known every second, but it was still possible for her to hide that it was there, even if it was driving her absolutely crazy.

She begun to tap her foot lightly without even noticing, and was quick to stop it once she realized. When would she be able to leave the stage? She had been bitter about Lola stealing the lead, but now she realized their roles were almost the same size and she almost wished she had had a bit part, just so that she could be backstage for long stretches of time and have a chance to go to the bathroom.

The irony of the situation did not escape her, of course. The fact that this was all her fault, that it was her revenge plot gone astray, only made this worse. If she had only been more attentive, if she had only been less stupid! She wasn't supposed to make mistakes like that, she was supposed to be perfect and she was supposed to be proving it to everyone tonight. She was supposed to be triumphant over Lola, not messing up and making things worse for herself!

How was there no way out of this? There was always a way out of things for her, she always had the influence to get what she wanted. That was what tonight was supposed to be about, her fixing things and getting her way. She couldn't get her way now though, not with something she had so little control over.

With only two scenes left until intermission, she wasn't sure how long she would hold up. Things were getting a lot worse on her end, and once again she had to tap her foot, even knowing that it might call attention to her. She shifted a bit, wondering if there was anything at all she could do to make this easier. Whenever she did have the chance to go offstage- though this was only for short amounts of time while the set was moved, never enough time to actually do anything- she would make sure no one was looking before she would squirm and dance in place.

And there was Lola, cool as a cucumber, when she should have been the one suffering, the one fighting off the needs of her bladder. But was she? No, because life wasn't fair and Carla must have been the victim of some great cosmic punishment to constantly lose to someone like that. She had hoped to change her luck, but it had only gotten worse so far, and she wondered if she would ever win her popularity back.

Her times offstage never lasted long enough and eventually she would have to steel herself once again to walk onstage like nothing was amiss, like each step was not painful and did not jostle her bladder beyond the point that she could bear. She felt tears spring up in her eyes that she had to fight back while she barely managed to keep her voice steady when she spoke any of her lines. She was so full, she had never felt like this before in her life.

Almost there, she found herself internally chanting, and it was true that she was almost there. She was almost to the end of the first act, almost to intermission, almost to the break that would give her a chance for relief. But she was also almost at her limit, and the closer she got to intermission, the less sure she was of which would end up coming first.

It was surprising that she managed to avoid panicking the first time she leaked, but she supposed that her acting was just that good. Either way, she felt a warm spurt escape into her panties without warning, and it was all she could do to clamp down and avoid allowing it to turn into something more.

As she felt the damp spot cool, she was grateful that it had not been enough to leak through. Still, that was a bad sign. If she was already starting to lose control, that meant that she really didn't have much time left at all. She could leak again at any moment and, if she did, she might not be able to stop it from continuing that time. She nearly whimpered, but held back, remembering that her microphone might still be on and pick up the sound.

It was beyond her control now and she had to fidget and squirm occasionally, blocking be damned. That was the only way to prevent another leak from occurring, and she was still afraid that it would be impossible to stop it if it started. Even so, she was beyond the point where fidgeting really helped and even squeezing her thighs together didn't do much for her.

And so she was not able to prevent the second leak from occurring, and it lasted longer than the first. She was lucky enough to be able to get it to stop, but she was sure there had to be a small damp patch on her clothes. Hopefully nothing visible from the audience, but still enough to cause her worry. There was no way she was going to make it at this rate.

But she was still trying so hard, holding back as best she could, even knowing that there was just no way. Admitting defeat almost seemed worse than losing completely, but it really didn't matter in the end. The outcome was the same either way, and either way she would end up humiliated beyond belief.

Her third leak was inevitable, and she was sure that the spot left by this one was incredibly visible, but what could she do about it? There was still a whole scene left until the intermission, and she was already at her very limit. Her legs shook as she clenched her fists, unable to even speak. It came time for her character to respond to something that Lola's character asked, and she said nothing.

“What's wrong?” asked Lola, trying to improvise. “Are you nervous about something?” It so figured that she would try to save the scene that Carla was about to horribly butcher with something beyond her control.

“I...” she said, trying in vain to say something that would cover this up. But that was all she could say before her struggle reached its peak and she felt her body give in to the demands of her bladder. She groaned in defeat as her final shred of resistance fell and she felt a hot spray flooding her panties.

Her knees buckled as it ran down her legs, in plain sight of every last person in the audience, forming a puddle on the stage where she stood. A hush fell over everyone onstage as they realized what was happening, and she was mortified to realize that her microphone was picking up the splashing sound of the liquid hitting the hard wood of the stage.

And the audience just watched, in as stunned of a silence as her fellow actors and actresses. Worst of all was Lola, staring at her with a look of pity in her eyes. Carla hadn't wanted any of this to happen, but she had wanted Lola's pity least of all. She would have glared, but their were tears welling up in her eyes.

But Lola did feel bad for her, and knew that she would have hated to have something like that happen, especially given how public it was. She tried to think of something she could do to help and save the scene, but only one thing came to mind. If she made it look like that was supposed to happen and could improvise around it...but the only idea she got with that involved putting herself in the same situation.

But if that was the only answer, that was what she would have to do. So she relaxed and felt a warmth spreading between her legs as she began to wet herself on purpose. It did not take long for a dark spot to appear on her clothes and for everyone to realize that she was doing exactly what Carla had done.

She gave a melodramatic sigh of relief, speaking some line in-character about how Carla's character had had the right idea and about how she felt so much better now. The others onstage began mumbling their agreements, always staying loyal to the show, even when they had no idea what they were doing.

Ella gave her an inquisitive look and she nodded, answering the silent question. Her friend sighed but gave in and began to purposefully wet herself as well. The audience was still completely stunned, witnessing not one, but three girls wet themselves onstage, in the middle of a performance. It was too many for the audience to believe it was a fluke, but so realistic they had to wonder if it was all a performance or not.

Either way, Carla had not been the only one to do it, and would not be the only one to face the shame, if there even was any to face. Lola had plans to continue improvising after the intermission, to hopefully continue to play all of that off as just another part of the show. So as the first act came to an end, the three girls hurried offstage to change, all of them grateful that they had a different costume for the second act.

And so Lola and Ella felt good that they had helped Carla out, and began to talk with the other cast members about how to play this off and Carla pretended as if she had been in on it the whole time. Internally, she was seething, thinking about how she would have to get Lola back double for this, but she was secretly just a little bit grateful. Not that she would ever admit it.

