As i recall, it ended much too soon (A Fire Emblem: Three Houses Fanfic)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-10 16:50

A/N: Shamir has joined Byleth's class, and ends up desperate.

Shamir is too old to be a student. Sure, she isn’t that much older than some of the oldest students in this class, but that does not change the fact that she should not be here at all. It was stupid of her to agree to join the Black Eagles, when she isn’t even a student at the academy.

Byleth made it seem like it would be a game of give and take, with Shamir sometimes helping out with lessons while Byleth helped her broaden her horizons in battles, but really, it is just her sitting in with a bunch of students, and she has no idea why she would have agreed to something like that, when she has no place in a classroom. Today, especially, she gives herself a hard time for ever thinking that this would be a good idea.

But, then again, maybe she just regrets it so much right now because she has to pee, and would be able to just fuck off to a bathroom if she weren’t stuck in class, being treated like another one of the students.

There are times when she reminds herself that she isn’t really a student, that Byleth can’t actually do anything to punish her. She is an adult and she is a knight, so Byleth is not the one that she answers to. If she wanted to just get up and leave, she would, but for whatever reason, she doesn’t do that. She just stays right where she is, trying to ignore the pressure in her bladder, which is also Byleth’s fault.

All of this is Byleth’s fault. Byleth is the one who invited her to join the class, and Byleth is the one who seems to want to get to know her so much better. Byleth is the one that makes her feel like opening up to someone again, and Byleth was the one who invited her to tea in the break between classes. Normally, Shamir would not waste her time on something like that, but this time, she did, and that damn tea went through her way too quickly. If only she had thought to go before class, but at the time, she had not felt even the slightest urge.

Now, she can hardly sit still at all, and she needs to just get up and go, rather than worrying about disturbing class. She knows that there would be no real consequences for doing so, that the other students might not even notice and that she does not care all that much if they do, but she also knows that Byleth would notice, and for some reason, that feels like enough of a reason to stay seated right where she is, fighting against the urge to run off for a bathroom, fighting against the way her bladder pulses and throbs in pain.

Shamir is being stupid, and she doesn’t know why. Lately, Byleth confuses her quite a bit, which is why it is easy to just blame everything on her. She is the reason that Shamir is sitting here, trying not to squirm and tip off the other students that the grown adult who sits in on their classes has to pee.

The class is not all that long, but it feels like it goes on forever, like it is never going to end, and the longer that it drags on, the worse her need becomes. As soon as things are over, she is going to bolt, and take care of this, and never, ever let herself end up in a situation like this again, no matter what. Shamir feels so confident in her plan that it makes it just a little bit easier to hold it until the end, and she does not think for even a moment that something might happen to interrupt it.

And then class is over, and just before she is able to get out the door, Byleth calls out to her, asking if she can talk to her for a moment. Shamir considers saying no, considers telling Byleth that she has more important things to do right now and that they can talk about this later, but she doesn’t, and doesn’t know why. It must be that same little problem that always leads to her making stupid decisions where Byleth is concerned, but she isn’t going to think about that right now.

She stays behind, and she hopes that this does not last long, because she feels like she could lose control at any moment. There is some stupid part of her that wonders if Byleth is trying to discuss whatever might be going on between the two of them, but that isn’t it. She wants to talk about Cyril, who has also joined her class, and what Shamir thinks she needs to know, in order to be able to work with him and show him more direct attention. Shamir is not sure if she is disappointed, or relieved because she really isn’t in any position to discuss whatever might be going on between the two of them right now.

The conversation should be over quickly. She tells herself that, and she tries to rush through her answers, certain that she could just correct something later, if she messed up the information in any way. Anything to get herself out of here a little bit quicker, anything to keep her from losing control and humiliating herself right here, in front of the woman she knows by now that she is very interested in.

It hurts and she can hardly stand still, biting her lip hard whenever Byleth is the one speaking, and she knows that if she does not do something- squirm or holding herself or make a run for it, something - then she is not going to be able to hold it any longer. She does nothing, though, as if she could just will it away by trying to ignore it. Of course, that is impossible, and her body is going to give up eventually.

She just can’t bring herself to do anything other than stand here, talking like normal, trying to act casual, when she is feeling anything but. They are all alone in the classroom, the door closed behind them, and there is a part of her that thinks this would be the perfect time to make a move, if not for how badly she has to piss right now. As if she would make a move anywhere, let alone here, let alone now!

All of these thoughts are not enough to distract her from the way that her bladder keeps aching, and no matter how strong she tries to be, there is only so much that she can do. There is only so much that she can endure. She manages to put up a pretty good fight, but she is no match for the tea, and once it becomes too much for her, that’s all there is to it.

It happens so suddenly that she does not even realize how dire the situation is, until it is already too late. Shamir has not even so much as leaked, with no sign that she is actually at the very end of her battle. She thinks that it is just a leak, at first, and tries not to panic too much, tries to put it out of her mind. But then she realizes that it isn’t ending, and then she is panicking quite a bit, because she’s actually doing it.

She makes a strangled noise of panic while Byleth is still speaking, causing her to break off and look at Shamir in concern. Though she wants to say something, anything, like maybe telling her not to look, she can’t, and she can’t move, either. She is just frozen there in her humiliation, as she wets herself full force, the little leak turning into a full torrent of piss, gushing out of her and drenching her pants, the stain so obvious that there would be no hiding it, even if she had a chance to play this off.

But that would be impossible either way, given the puddle that forms at her feet. Byleth continues to stare at her in shock, all the way to the end, her cheeks flushing a bit, though Shamir is sure that they are nothing compared to her own, which feel like they’re on fire right now. If she could fall through the floor, or completely vanish from existence, she is pretty sure that she would opt for that right about now. Instead, she is stuck here, where she has to endure the humiliation all the way to the end, until her bladder is finally empty.

“I’m…I’ll make sure to clean that up.” She isn’t even sure when she decided she was going to say that, and is rather shocked that she can actually speak at all right now. “So you don’t have to worry about it, alright?”

“Shamir, are you…are you alright?” Byleth asks. It’s weird, the way she’s breathing right now, and the way her cheeks stay nice and flushed.

“I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me.” Just humiliated that she has turned out to be so incapable of controlling herself, but that isn’t something that she’s going to lay onto Byleth, when she has already made this much of a fool of herself. “Just, the tea before class, and then…it’s…don’t worry about it.”

Byleth just keeps looking at her, with that same strange expression, until she steps closer, and Shamir is not sure what to make of any of this. The only thing she knows is that this is not the reaction that she was expecting at all, and therefore, she is not prepared to deal with this situation in the slightest.

“It’s my fault for making you drink tea with me,” Byleth says, and she continues before Shamir can try and say that isn’t true, with, “and it’s definitely my fault for stopping you after class. If this whole thing is my fault, doesn’t that mean that I should make it up to you?”

Shamir’s mind can’t catch up to the words Byleth says, before she is already moving forward, wrapping her arms around Shamir, as if this is the most natural thing in the world. It certainly feels natural, when Byleth pulls her into a heated kiss, and she is all too willing to let it happen, and even to return the kiss, once she has started to relax into it.

She has no idea what the hell is going on right now. Though she has at least figured out that Byleth is acting so weird because she’s turned on, that still doesn’t give her any real answers, and leaves her with a few more questions. Even so, Shamir does not bother dwelling on it for too long, deciding to just go with whatever happens right now. It makes it easier to deal with the humiliation of having pissed herself, at the very least.

When she pulls out of the kiss, rather than questioning anything that has happened so far, she instead asks, “Do you want me to lock the door, professor?”

