Elsa's indulgence (Original Fiction Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-23 13:57

A/N: This commission includes weight gain and binge eating fetish content in addition to omorashi and wetting,so if you're not into that, here's your warning.

Elsa knows that she has put a lot of weight on recently, but she can’t really bring herself to care about that. She enjoys indulging in food, and never sees any reason to hold herself back. With such a big appetite, it is difficult to take a slow pace, especially when she really likes something, and that is why her weight gain has become more and more steady, until she begins to grow at what most would consider an alarming rate.

In particular, her stomach has grown so much, round and pudgy as she continues to put on weight. At this point, when she looks down, her large belly is all she can see, just beyond the valley of her cleavage. She can’t remember the last time that she saw her own feet without a great deal of effort involved. As far as she is concerned, such things do not matter at all, and she does not mind her body in the slightest. The only thing that she cares about is her own happiness, and if she is able to enjoy good food, then she is going to keep doing so, regardless of what the consequences might be.

That goes further than just her weight gain, though. When it comes to anything she might have to give up to enjoy herself, she tends to be willing to do so. That becomes apparent one day, when she sits down to a big meal, and begins digging in. Not long into it, she can feel a rather persistent need to be, but rather than go take care of that, Elsa pushes it out of her mind, concerned only with eating more and more.

As she begins to tear into the feast in front of her, her bladder is the furthest thing from her mind. Elsa can hardly think about anything but the food, and is quick to shovel it down, stuffing her face like she always does. She starts with a big steak, tearing into it ravenously, and washing it down with a glass of water. Before long, she has polished off the steak, and moves on to a plate of potatoes, roasted to perfection and drizzled with melted butter.

While she is busy stuffing her face with potatoes, she is not oblivious to the growing pressure in her lower abdomen, but she decides that she can handle it. She knows that if she keeps eating, she will only be putting off her need to relieve herself, but she is too engrossed in her food to care. It is not like there is anywhere for her to go right now, and it is not as if she is going to stop eating just because of that.

Elsa has a bit of trouble getting up and down these days, due to her massive girth, but that does not deter her at all. She has always enjoyed being big, and now, she is able to indulge in all the foods that she loves. It is a dream come true for her, and she is not going to let anything stand in her way, not even her own body. As she continues to eat, the need to piss grows increasingly unbearable, but she forces herself to continue, no matter how much she might want to stop.

At some point, she begins to squirm, but she is not going to leave this table. There is still more for her to eat; the next plate she goes for are sausages, and they smell absolutely amazing. There is no way she can turn away from them, not when she has waited for this meal for so long, so she digs right in, despite her body's protests. The fact that she has been drinking while she eats only adds to her need, but she still continues to hold it.

The sausages are tender and juicy, and they practically melt in her mouth. She washes them down with another glass of water, and by this point, she can feel her belly expanding, her stomach pressing against the table as she eats. Her round, swollen stomach is hard to ignore now, and it is almost impossible for her to forget that she needs to use the bathroom. But she is still not going to give in, and so she pushes that thought out of her mind, determined to keep eating.

There is still more food left for her to eat, and Elsa knows that she wants to enjoy every last bite. She reaches for another plate, this time one piled high with vegetables. She has always had a soft spot for carrots, and so she begins by munching on those, savoring their sweetness. While she eats, she can hardly sit still, her full bladder making it impossible for her to relax. She feels like she is going to explode, but she keeps going, stuffing her face with every bite.

As she continues to eat, she can feel herself growing tighter, her need to pee becoming almost overwhelming. Her belly is taut and firm, and she knows that she cannot hold it for much longer. But she still continues to eat, until she has cleared her plate, and even then, she finds that she still has room for more. It is just too good to stop now, and so she reaches for a big bowl of pudding, shoveling it into her mouth as fast as she can.

By now, Elsa is practically bursting, and it is taking everything she has to keep from giving in. As she finishes off the pudding, she lets out a belch that seems to echo through the entire room. It is so loud and long that it startles her, but at this point, she is too full to be embarrassed by it. She is so full now, and her bladder is even more full than her stomach.

Despite the fullness of her stomach, though, there is a part of her that is tempted to have dessert right now. There is still plenty of food left, and she knows that she could easily indulge in more. She wants to keep going, and she knows that if she does, she will only be making herself more desperate. But she just can't help it; it feels so good to eat, and she can hardly resist the urge to keep going.

In the end, though, her bladder is simply too full. She cannot keep trying to hold all of this in, and she knows that she is going to explode if she tries. With a sigh, she looks down at her lap, her large belly taking up her entire field of vision. Forget her feet, she does not know the last time that she has seen her crotch. She pushes back from the table, and struggles to get to her feet, ready to make her way to the toilet.

As Elsa begins to waddle towards the bathroom, she can feel her bladder sloshing around inside her. Her walk is slow and unsteady, as she is so full and off-balance from her weight gain. Her stomach presses against her thighs, making it difficult for her to move, and her legs rub together as she goes. She has never felt so heavy before, and it is such a relief when she finally reaches the bathroom door.

Once she makes it inside, she quickly waddles to the toilet, reaching it just in the nick of time. Or rather, it would be in time, but she does not have the chance to get her pants out of the way before it is already too late. As soon as she gets to the toilet, her bladder gives out, and she can feel warm start to spread from her pussy, across her crotch, soaking through her underwear and all the way down her thighs. It feels absolutely incredible, and she can hardly contain herself, letting out a moan as she pisses herself on the spot.

She does not even bother pulling her pants down, knowing that they are already soaked, and she lets her piss flow freely, splattering against the floor and running down her legs, until there is a pool forming at her feet. By the time she is done, she can feel herself shaking with relief, and it is as if a huge weight has been lifted off her shoulders. She feels so much better now, and she cannot believe that she was able to hold it for so long. Of course, now comes the matter of cleaning all of this up, including herself.

As Elsa begins to try and clean herself up, she realizes that it is going to be a lot more difficult than she thought. She is so big now that it is hard for her to do anything without having to think about how her body is positioned. Just trying to turn around in the bathroom is a challenge, and she keeps bumping into things with her belly. She tries to get down on her knees to wipe, but it is incredibly uncomfortable, and she struggles to pick herself back up once she is done.

When it comes to getting to her crotch, she finds that it is pretty hard as well. Her stomach is so big that it is almost impossible for her to reach her own pussy, and she has to use her free hand to lift her belly up a little bit so that she can wipe. Even then, she can't quite reach, and she has to keep lifting her belly up again, until she can finally get herself clean. It takes a while, and by the time she is finished, she feels exhausted from all of the effort. But at least she is able to take care of herself, and now she just needs to make sure that the rest of the mess gets dealt with.

After she cleans herself up, she moves on to mopping the floor, making sure that she gets every last drop of piss that she can. The floor is a bit slippery after she is finished, but she is sure that she got everything. Her pants are still wet, but there is nothing she can do about that. Not until she is done with her meal, and since she took so much time in the bathroom, she feels like she could eat more again. That means it is time for dessert, and she returns to the table, in her still wet pants.

When Elsa reaches the table again, she is already feeling full from everything that she has eaten, but she is not going to let that stop her from enjoying dessert. There is a big cake waiting for her, and she knows that she wants to dig right in. She starts with a large slice, tearing into it with her fork, and savoring each bite. It is absolutely delicious, and she is glad that she decided to keep going, despite sitting in her pissed in pants. At least from this angle, she can't see them, with the way that her stomach gets in the way.

By the time she finishes off her cake, she is feeling stuffed to the brim, and she lets out another belch, this one even louder than before. She leans back in her chair, her stomach gurgling slightly, but she is not going to give up yet. There is still more food left for her to enjoy, and she is going to take advantage of it while she can. She grabs another plate, this time one piled high with fruit. It is sweet and juicy, and she cannot resist biting into it, letting the juice run down her chin.

Elsa continues digging into the desserts in front of her, not caring about anything else except satisfying her hunger. Her appetite has only grown since her weight gain, and she does not see any reason to hold back, especially when it comes to such amazing food. She enjoys eating so much that she loses all sense of modesty, and she is happy to eat wherever she pleases, even if it means putting on even more weight. Despite her size, she doesn't seem to mind being bigger, and she loves indulging in all sorts of foods, no matter what the consequences might be.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

