Art Trade with littlespiderbaby

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-04-24 19:25

A/N: My half of an art trade. Gonna apologize in advance cos this might not be as good as what you were hoping for, I had some difficulties with it and making the scenario work.

Sandy Heavensbee was only eight years old, but she already tried hard to be as grown up as possible. She did not exactly know what her father did, but she could tell that he was a very important man, and that meant that she had to do her very best to make him look good.

On the rare occasion that they went out together, she was always ecstatic. She positively adored him, and though they were close, he was still a busy man and they had few chances to really spend time together or go out. Her excitement over getting to be with him always overshadowed absolutely everything else, which could lead to problems with her trying to be grown up.

One day, the two of them were going to get to spend the entire day together. Though he had some business to intend to, there was not much and it was not anything she could not accompany him to, and so they were going to spend the rest of the day shopping and getting food. She could hardly sleep the night before, she was so excited.

When she woke up the next morning, it was much too early and she had to wait even longer before she could start her super fun day. She laid bed, staring at the ceiling, trying to will time to move faster. At last, the time came for her to get up, and she got dressed and ate her breakfast in a hurry. As she waited for her father to finish getting ready, she stood beside him, chattering happily, until, finally, it was time for them to go.

~X~

As she had expected, the day was going fantastically. She had been allowed to pick out a lot of new things at every store they had been to, and she felt so happy about being spoiled like this. They even got to have a wonderful lunch together before they returned to their shopping.

And it was when they entered another store that she felt a pain in her bladder and realized that she had not visited the bathroom before leaving that morning and now had to go rather badly. She had been too caught up in her fun day to notice how full her bladder had become before now. She knew, however, that this store did not have a bathroom and that they would have to go elsewhere in order to find one.

The thought of having to interrupt some of their fun just for that was ridiculous to her. She was acting grown up, after all, and grown ups didn't worry about not being able to hold it! The next store would surely have a bathroom, and then she could go. Perhaps her father would even be proud of her for waiting like she did!

She squirmed whenever he wasn't looking, stopping abruptly whenever he turned her way. She could not let him see her acting like a little kid or she knew that he would definitely not be proud of her at all.

She could barely repress a sigh of relief when they checked out and left the store. She thought about telling him about her problem so that they would definitely go to a place with a bathroom, but just as she was about to say something, he spoke.

“Now, you know I said I had some work to do today,” he said. “That's where we're going to next. It's going to be a quick meeting, but I'll need you to wait outside and be good the whole time. Can you do that?”

Her heart sank. Now she would have to wait until the meeting was done before she could go to the bathroom! She could ask to go first, but she was afraid of making him late and really didn't want to be an inconvenience. She would just have to hold it a little longer, and then everything would be fine. She only hoped that she could hold it, or else she would not be very grown up in the slightest.

The entire walk, she felt her bladder slosh around rather uncomfortably. She was much too full from breakfast and lunch, and she needed to go soon. She knew this, but she also knew that she did not have that option just yet; the only option was to hold it, but it was starting to hurt and it took all she had not to whine about needing a bathroom. She couldn't ruin their day, not when it was already going so perfectly!

They walked hand in hand until they reached their destination. She was left right outside as he entered the building for his meeting, and she kept her composure up until just after he was gone. Then, she began squirming and dancing in place, not caring as much who saw her now that her father was gone. Her bladder felt like a water balloon in her stomach that had been filled just a little too much, and that it would pop if any additional pressure was added to it.

She bounced up and down in place and looked around, wondering if there were any public bathrooms nearby. However, if there were, they were not outside and she would have to enter stores by herself to find one. She was afraid that if she strayed, she would get lost or she would take too long and get in trouble for not being right where her father had left her, but if she waited too much longer, she really might wet herself.

“I can't, I can't,” she said quietly to herself. “I have to make it just a little bit longer.” She would hold it until he came out; she had to! And as soon as he came outside, she would tell him that they needed to find a bathroom before they could do anything else.

She tried to hold off on jamming her hands between her legs for as long as possible, but it really did not take all that long for her to give in to the temptation. She was positively bursting and she felt like if she didn't try to hold it in in every way possible, she would lose control.

She was so focused on her attempts to hold it that she did not hear the door open or her father come back outside. Otherwise, she would not have let him see her acting so obviously desperate for the bathroom like she was currently doing.

“Sandy, what has gotten into you?” he asked, a bit baffled and surprised at seeing his daughter behave like this.

She jumped, startled, and felt a small bit leak. “D-daddy!” she said, blushing and stopping immediately. However, her bladder protested this rather loudly and she had to grab herself again. “I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wait this long, I...”

It did not take much thinking to figure out what was wrong with her and he said, “Come on, let's get you to a bathroom.” As they walked, her barely able to keep up with him in her current state, he continued with, “Why did you not go sooner? You should have said something before my meeting started?”

“I thought I could make it,” she said softly. “I didn't want to make you late or ruin our day or...or...” She suddenly stopped short, squeaking a bit as she felt her hands grow warm and damp. She pulled her hands away and stared down in horror as a dark spot spread across her pants and down her legs. She was wetting herself.

He turned around just in time to see a puddle begin to form at her feet. Tears welled up in her eyes, and though she tried to stop the rest from coming out, it was much too late now. She was soaking wet, and it would be clear to everyone exactly what had happened to her.

“I'm sorry!” she said, breaking out into sobs. “I didn't mean to! I tried to hold, I really did, but I...c-couldn't.” She wiped away tears with her hands, but more kept coming. She was so upset and embarrassed that this had happened.

He gave an exasperated sigh. “I've told you before that you're supposed to go as soon as you need to. You're not supposed to hold it like that.” When he saw how hard she was still crying, said, “It's alright, Sandy, it's okay. Let's get you home and clean you up, alright?”

As the two walked home together, her shoes squishing slightly, he looked down at her and said, “I'll still have to punish you for this, you know.”

