So I cry, and i pray, and i beg (A Pokemon Legends: Arceus Fanfiction)

By Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-11 00:36

A/N: Y'all heard of hanahaki disease? This is like that but for piss. If you're in unrequited love, you can't pee until you're feelings are accepted. Akari has feelings for Volo, post game, and has to deal with that. Story trails off because of the sexual content at the end, but if you'd like to read it in its entirety, https://archiveofourown.org/works/41642847

Akari can’t pee.

This has to be the most embarrassing problem that she has ever had, and it takes her some time to figure out that that’s what’s going on here at all. At first, she does not even pay attention to the fact that she needs to pee, because she is all too used to pushing her needs aside in favor of her work with the Survey Corps, and right now is no different.

Though being brought to the strange land of Hisui was a lot for her to get used to in the beginning, she has made a home for herself here, and is happier now than she has ever been. She does not feel like all that much to go “back home” to, so she considers this her home now, and is happy with her friends and her job, and especially her Pokemon. She has even fallen in love, though that is not the most positive experience, so she prefers not to think about it all that much.

Still, things are otherwise going very well for her, up until the moment that she realizes that she can’t pee. After ignoring her need for a bit, she finds that she is nearly bursting, and wants to take care of that as quickly as possible. Normally, when she has to go this badly, she can just barely get her pants down as she sits, but that isn’t the case today. In fact, nothing happens at all, and no matter how hard she tries, she can’t get anything to happen.

At last, she realizes: she can’t pee. Which is immediate cause for alarm, because she hasn’t heard about something like this often, but any time she has, it’s always been a sign of a pretty serious medical problem. She knows that she needs to do something about it immediately, but that isn’t exactly the sort of thing she wants to have to discuss with anyone, even a professional. This is going to be way too embarrassing, but she has to do what she has to do.

The trip back to Jubilife is agony, made even worse by the knowledge that she tried to relieve herself so that she wouldn’t end up in this sort of situation. She has to do her best to avoid alerting anyone else to her predicament, because the last thing she wants to do is have to explain it to anyone beyond who she absolutely has to. Fortunately, she is able to get back without anyone commenting on the situation, so she can only hope that that means she passed under their radar, and not that they could totally tell, but didn’t want to be rude and ask her why she wouldn’t just ask to stop for a minute so that she could empty her bladder.

The hardest part by far is explaining it to Pesselle, made even more difficult by the fact that she can no longer stop squirming the whole time that she sits there. She can feel her face burning in embarrassment as she tries so hard to not think about how humiliating the whole situation is, reminding herself that it is necessary for her health, that it isn’t something that she can afford to just wait around on. If only her bladder weren’t throbbing so hard, making it difficult for her to think about anything other than how bad all of this is.

When she has finished explaining things, she can see a troubled expression on Pesselle’s face. Biting her lip, she asks, “So, is there anything that you can do for me?”

“Oh, dear,” Pesselle murmurs, looking that much more concerned. “You don’t know what’s going on here, do you?”

“No? That’s why I came to you…”

“I wonder if this condition doesn’t exist in your world. It’s already such a rare one in hours, but…” She trails off, but Akari does not like the sound of that, not in the slightest.

“It’s rare? Does that mean that there’s no cure?” she asks. If she isn’t careful, she might start to panic, and she doesn’t need that right now. Still, if there is nothing that can be done about this, then she could really be in serious trouble right now, and honestly, dying of an overly full bladder sounds like a very terrible way to go, all things considered.

“There is a way to cure it, but it’s not something that I can do for you. Maybe you’d understand a bit better if I explained what this condition is…”

As Pesselle launches into an explanation, Akari realizes exactly why she has never heard of something like this before. There’s no way that this exists in her own world, because it sounds completely made up to begin with. But she knows that Pesselle would not be the sort to make a joke like this, especially not over something so serious, which means that this has to be real. It just still seems completely impossible.

What Pesselle explains about this rare disease is that it happens sometimes, when someone falls in what could be unrequited love. It doesn’t effect everyone, but it turns out that Akari must be one of the unlucky few, unless, by some chance, she’s certain that she has not fallen in love with anyone. But she knows that isn’t true, because she knows exactly who it is that she has fallen in love with, and knows that it is definitely unrequited, which only makes what Pesselle says next even worse.

“The only cure is that you have to confess to them, and they have to accept and return your feelings, and genuinely, as well,” Pesselle explains. “Otherwise, if you choose to keep quiet or they reject you, or lie just to try and save you…the condition will continue to worsen, until…”

She does not finish her sentence, but she does not have to. Akari already knows just how hopeless her situation is, from the moment that she hears what it is that she will have to do. If she is going to make it out of this alive, she has to confess to him, and he has to return her feelings, which seemed impossible before she found out he was basically an insane cultist and then proved herself to be more worthy in the eyes of his god, or whatever.

(Seriously, she understands the important of Arceus, and is quite grateful that she was brought to this world, but for the most part, it has been just like having another big Pokemon on her team. Maybe she’s being disrespectful, but she’s at least being honest.)

The point is, there is no way that Volo is really going to feel anything positive towards her anymore, let alone love. She never really thought that she had a chance with him before all of that, and after the fact, she isn’t even sure why she still has feelings for him at all, when that should have been enough to make her fall out of love with him. Instead, she is still so in love with him that she is about to die for him, all because she can’t pee. Seriously, how did she ever end up in a situation this complicated?

There is not much else for her to discuss with Pesselle, before she goes on her way. Pesselle told her that she should at least consider confessing, even if she thinks that she might get rejected, because it is worth it to try, if it’s for her own life. Akari knows that she’s right, but she’s definitely not looking forward to what is actually going to happen with Volo when she goes for the confession. It would be humiliating enough to tell him how she feels, without adding the fact that she is going to be obviously bursting to pee the whole time.

In a way, it almost feels like it would be better to just accept her fate now and try and make herself as comfortable as possible until the end comes, but she decides to at least try, on that off chance that he might not have hated her as much as it seemed like he did. She sets out to looking for him, glad that he still works with the guild, so that she has some connection to him.

Within the day, she is able to set up a meeting with him, but she can tell right away that he does not seem all that happy to see her. It’s true that the last time that they actually spent any time together, things ended on a pretty bad note, which is what makes this whole confession thing such a terrible idea. Akari winces as she prepares herself, but already, she can see him watching her every movement, and try as she might, she can’t exactly make her desperate need to pee all that subtle. Things have already gone on much too long, so she can’t stand still for very long at all.

“Did you have to rush here?” he asks her. “Because it seems like you’re not ready for a conversation just yet!” Right now, he still has that friendly salesman facade up, even though he knows by now that he does not have to worry about keeping it. She hates the fact that she fell in love with this side of him, but fell even harder for the much worse side to him, his true self, who definitely hates her after what she did, even if he was kind of going off like a stereotypical villain, and even if he tried to kill her.

Why does she love him so much?

“I’m going to have to talk to you now,” she replies, cheeks heating up. Even saying that, she feels like she is making it obvious what she is about to say, provided he knows about this allegedly rare disease that Pesselle told her about. Come to think of it, Pesselle never told her if knowledge of it was as rare as the disease itself, or if everyone knows about it, and secretly prays that it doesn’t happen to them whenever they fall in love.

She’s not even from this world or this time, so why the hell did she have to get stuck with something that wouldn’t even exist if she got a crush back home? Unless it’s the same situation, with it being rare knowledge, or something like that…Akari has no idea, but she’s not in the medical field and has no plans to be, so there is really no point in thinking about that at all. Especially not right now, when she has something far more important to focus on.

“Alright, then what is it?” Volo asks, sounding a bit less chipper this time. He is shifting more into himself, which is good; she needs him to be completely honest with her right now. This is her only chance, and even if he rejects her, she needs him to do that, instead of putting on a friendly face to lie and say that he cares about her, while her condition continues to worsen. Which almost sounds like something that he might do, just to toy with her.

“Well, ever since I met you, I…” Akari has practiced a lot, but right now, nothing that she wants to say actually sounds right to her. He needs to know just how she feels, but trying to explain the process in which she fell in love with a facade first, and then the real him for some stupid reason, feels impossible in the moment, with him looking at her, and while she is squirming back and forth, making it more and more obvious that she has never had to pee this badly in all of her life.

“You…?” he asks, definitely teasing her. The bastard knows what she is going to say, but of course he isn’t going to make it any easier on her. He has no reason to, not when he probably does not care about her in the slightest. This is all so stupid, and the pain in her bladder only adds to her frustration. Frustration so intense that it is turning to pure desperation, as she struggles so hard to keep it together, just for a little bit longer.

“I’ve always been fascinated by you,” she says, cringing a bit both from how the words sound out loud and from a sharp pang from her bladder, demanding relief. “Traveling and seeing you all over, battling you, getting to know you…every side of you…I still can’t say for sure what it is that brought me to that point but…Volo, I’m…I’m in love with you.”

As soon as she says it, she almost wishes that she hadn’t. The look on his face is one that is impossible to completely read, but he manages to look amused and pissed off all at the same time, with something else there that she can’t quite identify. Confessing to him was more than likely the worst idea she could have had, but since Pesselle told her it was her only chance, she took it. Maybe death would have been preferable to the humiliation she’s about to suffer when he rejects her so absolutely.

“Isn’t that cute?” he finally says. “I guess that makes sense, then. I mean, you do look like you’re about to burst. Is that really all because of me?”

Now, she knows that her face must be a bright shade of red, as he teases her for her crush. She should have known this is what he would choose to do. Rejecting her is all fine and good when it comes to getting back at her, but he took it all quite personally, so of course he would want to make his revenge as cruel as he possibly could. Of course, he would want to ruin her in the process, and make her miserable before she dies from her own love for him. Why does knowing he’s that sort of person, knowing that he’s that petty when it comes to revenge, make her love him all the more?

Akari is in love with all the nastiest parts of Volo, so in love that her body is ready to give up living if he doesn’t feel the same way, and she will likely never know why it is that she’s like this.

“Obviously,” she mumbles, trying not to let him get to her. He can see how hard she’s blushing either way, so she’s not sure how much good that will do, but she’ll be damned if she’s going to make it easy for him.

“Way too full, honestly,” he says, and to her surprise, he actually reaches out to poke at her lower stomach, which has started to bulge quite a bit from how overfull and strained her bladder is. That like poke feels like absolute agony to Akari, who lets out a yelp of surprise and pain.

“Please!” she cries, before managing to calm herself down enough to speak properly. “Please, don’t do that. Whatever if you want to tease me about my feelings, but please…it already hurts enough without you doing something like that to me.”

“Who said I was teasing you about your feelings?” he asks, but he isn’t even able to let the question hang in the air before he concedes. “Alright, I definitely have been. But you don’t have to seem so angry about it.”

“You know exactly why I might be a little bit frustrated with the situation. It’s already all bad enough without having you mock me for it as well. Alright? I get it, I fell in love with someone who would never love me back, and now I’m going to die from it, because I can’t pee, I get why it’s so funny to you! But it’s not funny to me at all, so can you just let me leave with even a little bit of dignity?”

At her words, Volo actually manages to look surprised. “Akari, what are you talking about? Why do you think you’re doing to die over this?”

“That’s a really tasteless thing to try to trick me over, and I’m not going to fall for it,” she replies, getting tired of his bullshit. Is this seriously the guy that she’s this in love with? She’s really going to die because she happened to fall in love with an asshole like Volo? “Pesselle already told me what would happen, and I’d trust her more than you right now. For obvious reasons.”

“You’re only going to die if you’re feelings aren’t returned, is all I’m saying.”

Wait a minute…

“Don’t even start with that,” she mumbles, the fight going right out of her. It is pathetic, how close she came to falling for this little trick, but there is no way that she’s going to let herself believe him when it’s obvious that he does not mean it. After all, if he did, then she would be able to pee right now, which might not be ideal for her, but at the very least, she would be free of all of this. But since she can’t, she knows that he is lying to her. “It’s not funny, you can’t try to tease me with that either. I can tell if you fake a confession, it’d be too obvious.”

“That wasn’t a confession, though, was it? All I did was state a fact,” he says. “The only reason that you haven’t wet yourself yet is because I haven’t said those three words just yet. Until I actually come out and say that I feel a certain way about you, then you’ll still be trapped in your own little hell.”

He’s lying to her still, she just knows it. There’s no way that he actually loves her. If he did, then he wouldn’t tease her like this to try and make her suffer more, would he? …well, then again, considering who she is dealing with here, it wouldn’t be that much of a surprise. But after everything that the two of them have been through together, it is shocking enough that she still has feelings for him. It would be a little bit too unbelievable, if he also happened to be in love with her, despite using her and manipulating her, and overall treating her like the worst thorn he has ever happened to find in his side.

“Stop trying to lie to me. Even if you did say those ‘three little words,’ we both know that it wouldn’t actually amount to anything. It would all turn out just the same, wouldn’t it?” She hates the part of her that, even as she asks the question, hopes that he might still try to prove her wrong. But that is exactly what he does, and this time, his face goes serious, his teasing expression fading away.

“Believe me, I’m not happy about any of this. It’s pissed me off right from the start. Everything about you does, you know that?” He shakes his head. “And, to add insult to injury, after everything that you stole from me, I still had to turn around and fall…well, I’m not going to finish that sentence, because I’m sure that would count against me, but you can fill in the blanks, can’t you?”

The look of cruelty in his eye has something else to it, something that she can’t quite place, but at the same time, she is starting to think that she knows exactly what it is. If he is really telling the truth, if he really did fall for her despite everything, just the same way that she couldn’t force herself to fall out of love with him, then it can only mean one thing.

Well, it can also mean that they are a disaster waiting to happen, but for the most part, it means that she is saved after all.

“Volo, do you really mean that?” she asks, sounding so pitiful, so hopeful.

“I wouldn’t say all of that if I didn’t. Even I don’t want to tease you that much. Besides, there are better ways for me to tease you anyway.” Now, the smile returns to his face, that look of mischief back in his eyes.

“Oh, no, please,” she tries to beg him, but she can already tell that he is not going to listen to her.

“It’s just so much fun, watching you squirm like that, and I know as soon as I say it, the fun’s going to be all over,” he says, shrugging. “If I’m going to enjoy this, I might as well enjoy it for as long as I can. Don’t you think you can hold it for me for a little bit longer? Well, it’s not like you have much of a choice either way, so you might as well try.”

“Volo, please.” How is she in love with such a sadistic man? And how is he able to taunt her like this, when he has already basically admitted to loving her back?

“Just think of this as revenge, so that I’m completely freed from my grudge, if that makes it easier,” he says, shrugging. “Unless you’d rather think of it for what it really is.”

“Which is?” she asks through grit teeth, squeezing her thighs together. Any longer like this, and she is going to have to start holding herself like a little girl. Way too humiliating, but that must be exactly the sort of thing that he is after. Of course, she does not realize to what extent, at least until he answers her question.

“Seeing you like this turns me on, and I want to enjoy it as much as I can. You’re all swollen and bursting, and best of all, it’s all because of me. I can get you desperate whenever, and even if I could deal with the fact that you wouldn’t be this full, there’s no way that it would ever be because you’re that in love with me,” he says. His explanation is so simple, but it leaves Akari shocked, face going red all over again as she tries to process everything that he says.

It does not matter how she pleads with him, it’s clear that he isn’t listening. Even when she resorts to tugging at his apron, nearly doubled over with her need, he does not budge. He really does enjoy her suffering, and like this, it is hard to tell if he really does return her feelings, and is just doing this to have his fun with her before setting her free, or if he is doing this to fuck with her a little bit more, to further his petty revenge as much as he possibly can.

It doesn’t really matter what it is, because either way, Akari is stuck like this, forced to endure what he puts her through, and forced to face the fact that, despite her misery, despite how terrible all of this has been for her from the start, that the idea of him being turned on by her desperation actually turns her on a little bit as well. There is really no way for her to handle that sort of knowledge, especially not when she has to piss so badly that she can hardly think at all.

“Please,” she whines, again and again as he continues to ignore her. “Please, no more…” For a while, it seems like he does not hear her at all, but just when she thinks that things could not get any more painful, just when she thinks that she could be at her very limit, he suddenly pulls his hand back form her stomach and shoves it between her legs instead, pushing her own hands out of the way, and he opens his mouth to speak.

“I don’t know why, but for whatever reason, I’m in love with you as well, Akari.”

Immediately, relief washes over her, as her bladder gives out. She does not have a chance to even try to get away from him before she begins pissing herself, not that he would probably give her the chance. It’s still a bit humiliating to do something like this in front of him, even if it was exactly what he wanted her to do, and even if he has admitted to being into it, but it also feels so good to finally go, after holding it in for so long, her body refusing to let her empty her bladder without what seemed like an impossible love confession.

But it wasn’t impossible, and the contents of her bladder all come gushing out, soaking through her pants, soaking Volo’s hand, leaving her panting in her relief. It goes on for so long, due to just how much of it there was, and she has no idea just how long she is left pissing herself before her miserable, aching bladder is finally empty, still left cramping from how bad things were, from being stretched far beyond what it was meant to contain.

Akari is finally empty, and she feels great. More than that, she has never been so horny in all her life, and she is sure that Volo must feel the same, all things considered. Which is why she pulls him in for a kiss right away, not caring a bit about what he might think, or even how wet she is right now. If he didn’t want something like this, he shouldn’t have teased her so much, or done everything in his power to make her feel this way.

As soon as she is upon him, he is clinging to her as well, taking over their kiss and kissing her with quite the ferocity. He kisses her as if he has been starved for it, and she wonders just how long he has been pining for her as well, how long he has been caught up in the same unhealthy, irrational affection that has held her captive, and nearly done her in. They are going to be an absolute mess of a couple, even bigger than the mess that her overfull bladder just made, and yet she feels no desire to try and run from that. Instead, she wants to run headfirst into it, and take hold of these feelings now and forever.

Neither one of them can hope to hold back, so they are lucky that they are somewhere secluded. Akari is lucky either way, considering the massive accident she’s just had, but she is especially lucky that there is nothing stopping Volo from peeling her wet pants off of her once he has pulled out of the kiss, or freeing his erection, or pushing her to the ground so that he is on top of her.

“Now you’re all mine,” he says, “so I hope you’re ready for what that involves.”
