Poor design choices (A Pokemon: Sun and Moon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-11 22:00

A/N: Wrote this as a commission a while back, in which Kukui has forgotten an important feature in the newly created Pokemon league- bathrooms for him and the rest of the elite four.

Kukui thought of a lot of things, when it came to perfecting the Pokemon League in Alola. It was a dream that he was really happy to get off the ground, but there are a few things that slipped his mind, while planning it out. Namely, his grand vision turned out to not involve bathrooms at all. It isn’t that he never intended to allow the members of the Elite Four to relieve themselves while on sight, he just genuinely did not think about it. Any time that he pictured something as amazing as what he wanted out of the Pokemon League, going to the bathroom was just too mundane to even be considered.

Unfortunately, that means that today, while they face off against their first challengers, there is nothing that can be done about it. There will be construction done immediately, the building closing down almost as soon as it opens, but for right now, Kukui has told them to just endure it, until they Hau and Moon have finished the last leg of their journey and left the building.

This almost sounds like a reasonable request at first, but it does not take long before it becomes clear just how long they are going to be stuck here, and how none of them knew this would happen, so they wouldn’t have known to go to the bathroom right before coming up the mountain. Now, they just have to endure it, and hope that it goes by quickly enough that they can survive his.

Kahili is definitely not happy about that. She had to fly out here pretty close to the wire, having just finished a golf interview, and no time for a break before hustling out here. If she had known that she would have had to keep waiting for the bathroom after getting here, she probably would have risked being late to go for one last pee before getting stuck here. Now, she has to try not to think about the way she feels, about the way that she would give just about anything to be down the mountain at the nearest Pokemon Center.

But she can definitely last as long as this takes. Sure, it might be a bit uncomfortable, but that does not mean that she can’t handle it. She can handle anything, telling herself again and again that she is nowhere near her limit just yet, just because she already feels the need to pee. All she has to do is survive two battles, and then her role in this will be done. Of course, she’s supposed to congratulate the new champion, should either Hau or Moon make it to the end, but she is sure that part will not take too terribly long, after all is said and done.

She is confident in herself, because this is hardly the first time she has had to push herself a bit. It all comes with the territory of having such a busy schedule, so she is going to be just fine.

~X~

Molayne is more than a little agitated with his friend right about now. Kukui can be so impulsive, so thoughtless, at times, and this is definitely one of those times. He was the one to actually bring the problem to his attention, because the clueless man was really going to make it all the way to the opening ceremony to realize that there are no bathrooms present, despite being all the way up the mountain, and a place that he expects people to be able to work.

What’s worse is that the only reason Molayne even brought it up is because he needs to go. Kukui had wanted his help with setting up some last minute things, so he has already been here for a while, and had asked where the bathroom was, before he went to his particular battle room. That was the moment that Kukui realized his mistake, but of course, it was already time for everyone to take their places, so Molayne was already out of luck.

Now, he stands around, jiggling one of his legs to try and make this a little bit easier to endure. He can’t believe that he is actually stuck in a situation like this, fighting against his own need to pee, while he has to worry about battling two young trainers. All because Kukui had his head in the clouds again, thinking this project through like an excited child, rather than from the perspective that this is something serious, and has to be thought through from all important angles.

Really, he should have just told the kids to forget it today, and canceled the whole thing, but he wants this to be special, wants them to reach the end of their journey, an ending that never used to be possible for the people of Alola. By his logic, he can’t just cancel the big day because the Elite Four has nowhere to use the bathroom, because that would ruin the magic that he has worked so hard to create.

Molayne could probably walk out on him for that, and no one would really blame him, but he doesn’t. Kukui is still an old friend of his, and he wouldn’t turn his back on him now, even if his bladder is uncomfortably full, and he has no idea how long he has to endure that. He is sure that he will be just fine, and that he would be able to tell when things were getting too bad, and figure something out, should that happen.

Right now, he just wants to be present for his best friend’s big day, and do his part to show how honored he is that he was allowed to take part in such an important occasion. His position is not one to take lightly, and so, he pushes thoughts of needing to pee out of his mind as he prepares to face his two challengers.

~X~

Kahili and Molayne are not the only ones struggling today. Olivia was in quite the hurry when she left home this morning, terrified that she was going to end up being late. She wants to make sure that she makes a good impression, considering how much of an honor it is that she was offered a position like this. Though it makes sense, with her being one of the kahunas, she is the only kahuna that will actually hold a position in the Elite Four, so she has to make sure that she gives the rest of the kahunas a good name while she is here.

Which means that, when she oversleeps, she has to hurry to get ready, always wanting to make sure that she looks her best, and she does not have time to visit the bathroom before she heads out. It is only on her way that she realizes that that was a bad idea, but she tells herself that it will be fine, since she can just go when she gets to the Pokemon League. Which is when she finds out how much of an idiot Kukui actually is, and that there is no bathroom here for her to use, nothing for her to do but wait until the day is done, so that she can hurry out of here and hope that she makes it in time.

That definitely does not sound ideal to her, but she knows that there is not much else that she can do. And so, she is left tapping her foot as she waits for challengers, wishing so desperately that she would be able to get out of here quickly. Each challenger has to do five battles total, and that is going to take a while, but at least most of the time, the battles will be happening at around the same time. It will feel more like six battles than ten, but even so, that is a long time for her to have to wait before she can go to the bathroom.

But it will take her time to get off the mountain and back up, and in that time, if one of the challengers comes to her room to find that she is gone, that is definitely not going to look good on her, or the rest of the kahunas. She has to be a professional about this, and that means holding it in for as long as she needs to. Oh, if only someone had noticed Kukui’s very obvious design flaws before it was time for the grand opening! An event that he wants to be so perfect that he refuses to shut things down, even with the facilities being the way that they are.

Things are not going well, but she bites her lip hard, and tries to push that sort of thinking out her mind. One way or another, she is going to get through this without a problem, because she is strong, she is a kahuna, and she is a member of the Elite Four.

~X~

Acerola is seriously doubting herself right now. She thought she would be able to hold it until the end, but with Hau continuously using his Primarina to battle against her, she is not so sure about this anymore. It hurts so much, every time any sort of water move is used, and to make matters worse, she has to act completely natural, in the hopes that he does not pick up on the fact that she is bursting to pee right now.

If only she hadn’t brought a drink with her, wanting to make sure that she was well-hydrated for her battles. She found out too late that there was no bathroom, whereas, if she had known ahead of time, she definitely would have been careful about how much liquid she had to consume. Now, she is struggling and distracted, and Hau is able to make quick work of her as a result. By the end, she is honestly just glad for this to be over, so that she can give him her blessing to continue on, sending him and his pesky Primarina on their way.

With how bad things have gotten, she is not sure how she is going to make it through the next battle, and so, she has to hope that Moon is not bringing any Water type Pokemon with her for this battle. Otherwise, things are going to get even worse for Acerola. But if no water is involved in the battle, then she might be able to survive this after all.

So, of course, Moon brings out a Golisopod first thing, and begins using water moves left and right, leaving Acerola on the verge of tears, all while she has to try and act like she is just fine, fighting the urge to cross her legs, to rub her thighs together, or even to jam a hand between her legs. Whenever she can get away with squirming or fidgeting, she does, but she manages to keep her composure whenever she knows that Moon is looking at her.

It feels impossible to keep up with, but eventually, she is able to breathe a little bit easier, as she faints Golisopod out, and Moon calls out her next Pokemon. Fortunately, no more water is used during this battle, but the damage from both battles has been done, both to her and the others that they have faced off against so far. No one is able to make it through a battle without having to deal with some from of torture, and by the time Acerola has been defeated by Moon, she would do anything to be able to leave.

But she and the others have to congratulate Hau after he defeats Kukui, and then the four of them have to wait for Moon to battle against Hau, to determine who the champion will be, at the end of it all. Then, there will potentially be another champion crowned today, and then it will all be over.

~X~

Moon is named the new champion. The announcement is made that she defeated her rival and claimed the title for herself, so now, the four of them have to go and endure that little ceremony all over again, but then, they can leave. After all this time, they can finally leave, and it will all be over. The building will close for the necessary renovations, and they will never have to worry about there being no bathrooms here again, will never have to worry about trying to hold it all day long, when none of them were ever prepared for something like that.

Standing around and waiting, Kahili can feel herself getting more agitated. She does not remember it taking this long when Hau was named champion earlier in the day, but with Moon, it feels like it is taking a million years, and she just does not know how much more of that she can take. Her bladder is killing her, and she can tell that the other three are not doing too great either, just squirming and shifting around. Probably everyone can tell that they are all bursting, and it makes it that much more frustrating that they are all stuck in this situation to begin with.

It is Molayne who loses control first.

It happens so suddenly that Kahili does not even realize that it is happening until it is nearly over. She was not expecting to see one of the others wet themselves like that. Though she knows that is what happens when one holds it for too long, she just did not think that any of them would actually be pushed to that point, and as she watches him soak his pants, unable to look away until all is said and done, she realizes that it could happen to any of them. It could happen to her .

She is determined not to let that be the case. It is obvious that the others are shocked, but Molayne stands right where he is, making it clear that he is going to act as if this did not happen, and see the rest of the ceremony through. If that is the case, then that is what they are all going to do, and they are respectful, ignoring him for the time being.

The peace does not last long. Acerola gasps out, her hands darting between her legs, and as she holds herself, grinding her hands into her crotch and squirming about, it is clear that she is not going to last long enough to make it out of this. And so she loses it, wetting herself there for all to see, half of the Elite Four felled by the lack of bathrooms. Kahili tries to look away, but she keeps looking back, even though the whole scene, sound and all, is like torture to her.

In the end, Acerola ends up with a very obvious wet spot on the front of her dress, where she had held herself and pushed it against her crotch, not thinking of the damage that would do at the time. Just the same as Molayne, she has an obvious puddle at her feet, and just the same as Molayne, they all try to ignore it, and just act like it has not happened. Kahili isn’t sure if the kids have been clued in on as to why this is happening, but either way, Kukui knows, and he knows that it is his own fault.

Olivia can’t stand still, and the tapping of her high heels is quite distracting, though it is not nearly as distracting as the way she groans when she realizes that she is not going to be able to hold it anymore. Kahili was not all that surprised over Acerola, but she had really thought that, if anyone could make it besides her, that it would be Olivia. Instead, she is at the end of her rope, and unable to hold it a second long. This time, Kahili succeeds in not staring while it happens, but she can still hear it as Olivia forms her own puddle, and once things have gone silent, she can’t resist stealing a glance.

Olivia’s shorts have a large wet spot on them, and there are still streams of piss running down her perfect, long legs. But she keeps a straight face, trying to appear as strong as ever, just as the others have. At the very least, they are not letting it show if it bothers them.

Kahili does try to be the only one who does not wet herself, but in the end, she has her limits, and seeing everyone else lose it has only made things that much worse for her. Now, she can’t hold back at all, and with her bladder this full, it is a wonder that she did not lose it much sooner. With her legs tightly crossed, in a last attempt to make it easier on her, she finally loses that battle, just the same as she did her battles against both Hau and Moon, but this one feels like much greater of a loss.

Sighing, she does not fight it as it starts gushing out of her, letting it all out and letting it splatter the floor just as the others did. She manages to lift her skirt, to try and minimize damage, but her socks and shoes still end up soaked, unable to be spared on such short notice. As soon as she is completely empty, feeling worlds better but also quite embarrassed and disappointed in herself, she lets her skirt fall back down to cover her wet panties, hoping that they aren’t so soaked that they end up getting her skirt wet anyway. But, then again, she supposes that it does not matter.

Their day is finally over, and they will never end up like this again, nor will any of them ever share what happened here today. Rather than acknowledging it, it just becomes an unspoken agreement that this will never be brought up again. Next time they come here, they will at least not have to worry about this ever again.

