Lesson (Will and Grace Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-07-27 18:29

A/N: A commission for the prompt of Karen being late to work one too many times and Grace punishing her by not letting her use the bathroom unless she does some ass-kissing.

Karen was running late, once again, but, like always, didn't really let that bother her. She was late all the time, and, though Grace had threatened her plenty of times, she hadn't done anything about it yet, and she doubted she would ever doing anything serious. After all, what could she really do that would be all that serious? Even thinking about it was almost laughable to Karen, and so when she woke up and saw that she was very, very late, she didn't bother going any faster than usual.

It had been a long, long night, and Karen was very out of it as she got ready for the day, and she downed quite a bit of coffee before leaving the house, taking a cup with her as she went to make sure she had herself woken up. By the time she got to work, she was well beyond late, but still, it didn't really bother her all that much. Even when Grace expressed her disapproval and went on about how there would be repercussions for her actions this time. It was hard to take her boss seriously when she had seen nothing to indicate there was anything to worry about yet.

By the time she had really settled into work, she had had even more coffee, and that was when she realized that perhaps it was time to slow down on that. She had been to the bathroom before leaving her house, but already, she could feel a slight twinge in her bladder, indicating that she would need to pee soon, and she knew that, with all that she had had to drink, it was going to get a lot worse, and fast.

Sighing, she got up and went to the bathroom, not wanting to let it get to that point, but she had had so much to drink that it wasn't long after she was back that she felt the need beginning to arise again. She really had had too much coffee, but she decided to wait a few minutes before she went to take care of things again, to see if she could actually get some work done in the meantime.

However, it wasn't long before she grew impatient with waiting, and she loved any excuse to get out of work in the first place, so she stood up to go to the bathroom again. Grace was passing by and told her she needed to get back to work, to which she replied that she would, once she went to the bathroom.

“You just went a few minutes ago, I saw you.”

“Yeah, but I have to pee again,” she argued, trying to move past her boss.

“You show up two hours late and try to go to the bathroom twice in the first half hour, and you really expect me to believe you? Nice try, Karen, but you need to learn that I'm not just going to let you get away with everything around here,” said Grace.

“Oh, come on,” she protested, sure that she would get her way, but this time, Grace seemed intent on standing her ground.

“No,” she said, “no, you're going to sit down and get something done before I'm going to consider letting you go, alright?”

“You can't just...” Karen trailed off, realizing just how serious Grace was being, and nodded, deciding it would likely take less time to finish the task at hand than it would be to keep arguing with her until she got her way. And so, for the first time in a very long time, she worked diligently, and soon enough, she had actually managed to finish her task and present it to Grace.

Without a word, she started to make her way for the bathroom. Her bladder had begun to throb while she was working, and she looked forward to having the relief that had driven her to work so hard, but when she reached the door, she found that it was locked. She struggled with the knob for a moment before hearing laughter behind her, and she turned to find Grace standing there with an amused look on her face.

“If I'd known that this was all it would take to actually get you to work, I would have done this a long time ago,” she said.

“But- but you said if I-!”

“I said I would consider it, but when I saw how hard you were working, I realized I couldn't pass up a perfect opportunity like this,” replied Grace. “You've got two choices. Either get everything you need to do done, or apologize for all the times you haven't gotten work done, maybe do a little begging, and then we'll see what happens.”

“There is no way I'm going to beg for anything!” Karen didn't care how desperate she was quickly becoming, she still had her pride, and that was not something she would back down on.

“Then I guess you've got a lot of work to do,” Grace replied with a smirk, and moved on, leaving Karen with a full bladder and a locked bathroom door.

She didn't know how much she was expected to do before she would be granted access to the bathroom, but she was confident that she would be able to hold it until the time came. Even if Grace was never satisfied with the amount of work she did, she would have a lunch break eventually and would then be able to leave the building and go to the bathroom somewhere else. As long as she was able to hold it until then at the very latest, she would be fine, and she was sure that she would be able to.

Except all the coffee she had had to drink just kept hitting her, making things worse when she didn't think that it was even possible, and the throb in her bladder grew to a point that she could not concentrate. Fidgeting in her seat, she tried to focus on the work she needed to do, but already, it was beyond her control, and it so figured that the one time she actually wanted to work, her need was beyond the point that she could manage it.

She did take some satisfaction knowing that Grace's plan was already backfiring; she had to go so badly that there was no chance of her getting any substantial work done now. But perhaps Grace had known that would happen, and she really did just want Karen begging and sucking up that badly. It was a definitely the easier way out by a lot, but Karen would not sink to that level, not for anything, not when she was sure that she could hold it until lunch.

Even if she had to focus all of her energy into holding it, rather than doing the paperwork she had been asked to complete- or, rather, ignoring the paperwork, which is what she would have done on any ordinary day- she would do it. She wasn't going to give in to Grace's demands, but she wasn't going to be forced to lose control either. No matter what, she had this under her own control.

But sitting at her desk with no distraction, even when she found it impossible to distract herself, only made the time pass that much more slowly, and Karen tapped her foot under her desk, hissing quietly and staring at the clock as it slowly, slowly ticked. There was no chance of her ducking out for an early lunch with Grace holding her need over her head like this, and she would have to wait at least another hour before she would be able to leave. The pangs in her bladder were becoming more and more frequent, and more and more difficult for her to ignore, and she felt herself getting close to leaking a few times.

It was while she was trying to stop herself from leaking that Grace came back by to check on her, smirking when she saw how little Karen was doing. "So, you've decided to opt out of trying to work hard?" she asked. "That's alright, I don't mind seeing you beg for a while."

"I'm not begging for anything," Karen snapped, then winced as her bladder protested for what felt like the hundredth time that day.

"Well, you don't look like you're in any position trying to fight," the other woman replied, her smirk growing. "Are you?"

"I'm fine." She grit her teeth, trying her best to ignore just how very "not fine" she really was. Squirming in place, she wished that Grace would stop staring at her like that, as it was making it very hard to focus on fighting her desperation.

"If you say so," said Grace, not looking convinced in the slightest. "If you just follow my proposal, you know it'll be a lot easier than sitting here trying to hold it."

"You wish!" Again, she winced, and bit her lip. Christ, was time ever moving slowly! She was absolutely dying to get out of here and go to the bathroom, but she still had forty five minutes to wait, and Grace was still looking at her as if she expected her to give in at any minute.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity but was only really about two more minutes, Grace said, "Well, you know where to find me if you change your mind," and hooped up and walked off, leaving Karen by herself once more. Without Grace there to watch her, she was much more willing to squirm in her seat, which was helped alleviate the pressure a little bit.

Soon enough, she was not even trying to sit still, rocking back and forth in her seat and jiggling her knees, hoping that no one was looking at her. It didn't do her much good in terms of preserving her dignity if people saw her struggling, but somehow, begging Grace just seemed that much worse. If she was going to sink that low, she would have to be at her absolute breaking point; only being at the brink of wetting herself could push her to do it, because only that seemed humiliating enough to win out against the shame of begging.

When she only had thirty minutes left to wait, Karen found that even her squirming wasn't doing much to help her fight her need, and it was getting to the point where the pressure on her bladder was nearly too much for her to handle. She was starting to worry about if she would be able to make it until her lunch or not, but she wouldn't allow herself to think about a negative outcome too much. She had to make it, she wouldn't let Grace win this time.

Maybe if she hadn't been so focused on her own problems, she might have realized the lesson in this that Grace was trying to teach her, and maybe this could have been her turning point in terms of her poor work ethic, but as things stood, she was so annoyed about being forced to hold it that any potential lessons went right over her head. All she could really think about was how badly she needed to pee, and how she hoped she would have the chance to do so soon, before she lost control completely, and she bit the inside of her cheek.

It was just a little bit longer, just a little bit more of a wait, and then she would be free to go. She crossed her legs at the ankles, shaking her legs constantly as she bounced slightly in her chair and whimpered under her breath. Her bladder was absolutely throbbing, hurting so much that she was nearly sick from it, and there was still so much time to go. Normally, the time would go by fast, but she had nothing that could distract her and every second felt so much slower as she warded off pangs from her overfill bladder.

She couldn't help a gasp when a spurt leaked out of her, but it wasn't enough to escape her panties just yet. Still, it was a warning of things to come, letting her know just how much she was pushing her limits. Her panic increased, and she clenched a fist, resisting the urge to jam it between her legs and prevent any other leaks from happening, and then, while she was just beginning to feel like she really wouldn't be able to make it, Grace came back over to her.

“Feeling any better?” she asked. “Or are you feeling more like giving in?”

“I told you,” Karen grumbled, “that I'm not going to beg you for anything.” Just what she needed! As if things weren't hard enough, now Grace had returned to taunt and distract her, and she really wasn't sure if she could last under these conditions. Her heart was pounding and her bladder was screaming for relief, and her legs were shaking so much that she could not even pretend to try to sit still, not even with Grace watching her like this.

“Well, you look like you really need it,” she replied, and damn if she wasn't right. Karen knew she was, and knew that the remaining fifteen minutes were going to be torturous, and that wasn't counting the trip to wherever she went to use the bathroom. And would she even be able to walk very far in her current condition? The bathroom in here was so close, so easy for her to reach...

But no! She had promised herself that she wouldn't let Grace win, and she had promised herself that she would not let herself sink so low as to beg for anything, much less something as basic as being able to go to the bathroom. If she couldn't hold it, if she couldn't manage something so simple...her pride just would not allow for that, and she redoubled her efforts, scowling at Grace while she squeezed her thighs tightly together and prayed that it would be enough to get her through the remaining time.

Still, Grace wasn't leaving her alone, watching her every move as she struggled to hold it, and that was doing a number on her pride all by itself. Would it really be much worse to just ask? She wasn't sure what was worse, when she really thought about it, but it was very hard to concentrate when she had to fend off a second leak, when she felt so close to giving in right then and there. It seemed like the answer should be right there, but she just couldn't think straight without taking too much concentration from keeping her bladder in check.

She grit her teeth, and then she felt another spurt in her panties and gasped, and she realized, once and for all, that trying to hold it was not going to end well for her. Already, she was making a fool of herself, going to such obvious lengths to hold it, and anyone looking at her- and Grace was still right there, looking at her- would be able to tell that she was on the brink of wetting herself, which was bad enough. If she actually did wet herself...well, a little bit of begging wouldn't be that bad, now, would it? She was getting so desperate to prevent that and time was moving so slowly that she knew that she really had no choice.

As much as she hated to do it, she was going to have to let Grace win; otherwise, she was sure that she would be forced to wet herself right there in her seat, and she weakly looked up, doing what she could to swallow her pride. “I'm sorry I was late today,” she said, her voice strained.

“And?”

“I'm sorry I'm always late.” It was even harder than she had expected to say all of this out loud.

“And?”

“Seriously?” She groaned, but then she felt another leak and hastily said, “I-I'm sorry I haven't gotten much done today!”

“Or?”

“Or any other day, come on!” She was nearly at her breaking point, and her boss just grinned at her like this was the funniest thing she had seen all week. Perhaps it was, all things considered.

“That's a very nice apology and I really appreciate it,” said Grace, “but I haven't really heard that much begging, and I can't do anything for you unless you ask nicely.”

“I...come on, you know what I want!” Still, Grace did not budge. “Please, please, please unlock the bathroom for me.” She wasn't going to make it at this rate, not if Grace didn't do something fast. “Please, I promise, I won't- I won't be late anymore!”

“Alright, alright,” said Grace, seeming to realize that she couldn't drag this out anymore, and that Karen really was in bad shape. She quickly went over to unlock the door, while Karen slowly rose from her seat, trying not to make any sudden movements, lest she break her very thin control. Each step she took was a slow, painful process, and then she found that she could not move at all, and that she had simply let things go on for much too long.

Her knees buckled and she whimpered, feeling tears spring up in her eyes as another spurt escaped, but this time, it did not slow, turning instead to a full-fledged torrent as she began to wet herself entirely. Karen groaned, the warm liquid running down her legs and puddling on the floor, and for a moment, the relief was so great that she closed her eyes and forgot her humiliation,but when she opened them again, there was Grace, watching her with a mix of amusement and pity.

The puddle on the floor grew and grew, expanding past her feet as her overfull bladder emptied. When at last she was done, she let out a long sigh, looking up to face her boss with a look of annoyance. “This is all your fault, you know!”

“I gave you plenty of chances that you didn't take,” replied Grace, though there was still that look of pity, like maybe she realized this had gone a little too far. “And it's not my fault you can't make it to work on time, or that you don't ever get anything done. You kind of had a punishment coming for a while.”

Glowering, Karen said, “Yeah, well, you didn't let me into the bathroom, so I guess my promises don't count, right? That's right, so I didn't mean anything I said!” She stormed off, ready to go home and get cleaned up, before Grace had a chance to reply. It seemed that she really hadn't learned her lesson after all.

