A Challenge (A Mean Girls fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-02-26 14:56

A/N: Another commission of mine.

“You want me to...what, exactly?” asked Cady, not sure that she had heard her new “friends” correctly.

“We want you to prove yourself,” replied Regina.

“No, I got that part, I just...I'm not exactly clear on the second part,” she said nervously.

“What's not to get about that? We want you to drink at least five glasses of water, and not piss until we tell you that you can.”

“But...what does that have to do with anything?”

The three girls immediately burst into laughter. When she was finally able to calm down, Regina said, “It has a lot to do with everything! What about when you've been partying all night and you finally get that cute guy you've been eyeing all night alone, when you suddenly realize you have to pee? What about when the lines for the mall bathrooms are a mile long? And what about when there's a sale on the must-have of the season, but you have to wait in front of the store for hours before it opens? If you're going to hang out with us, we have to know you're not gonna bail for a bathroom, or embarrass us by having a little 'accident'.”

This was insane. This was so totally insane, but what could she really do about it? She had promised Janis to infiltrate at all costs, and what did she know, anyway? Perhaps this was something completely normal for girls to do. Either way, she couldn't back off now and ruin everything.

“Sorry,” she said, “I guess I just didn't think about those things.”

“Of course you didn't. You're so lucky you have friends like us to have your back,” said Gretchen. Karen nodded in support.

One of the girls went to fill up her glasses, and she said, “So, how long will I have to hold it?” she asked.

“We're not telling you,” replied Regina. “In the real world, you rarely get a clock saying when you'll be able to go pee, so we're going to make that part as realistic as possible. What will happen is, we'll stay in here with you to make sure you drink every glass, then we'll leave the room. Someone will always be guarding the door, so you can't cheat. When I've decided enough is enough, I'll let you go.”

She nodded in agreement, before taking one of the glasses and downing it. She had to pace herself, or else she would get sick, and after about thirty minutes, she had finally finished drinking them all. Already, a strong pressure had taken root in her bladder, but she didn't show this to the others.

When they left her alone, she began to shift her weight from foot to foot, trying to distract herself from the building pressure. She knew that soon, it would be unbearable, as the remainder of the water made its way to her bladder, and she wondered if she could really make it through this new challenge. She had to. Not only was her promise riding on this, but the thought of wetting herself in front of them was too humiliating for words.

Rocking back in forth in place, she tried to think about anything other than her rapidly growing need, but it was difficult to distract herself when there was nothing else to do but wait. Every sensation dominated her thoughts, and the only thing she could focus on was how terribly she needed to go.

After about fifteen or twenty minutes, she was repeatedly uncrossing and recrossing her legs as she wiggled around in place. Her bladder was already painful, and it was only filling more and more by the second. It didn't seem possible that it could get any worse, and yet it always did.

When she was sure that she had been alone for at least forty five minutes, she was constantly clenching her thighs and rubbing them together, bouncing on her heels and squirming roughly. She bit down hard on her lip as she began to feel dangerously close to losing control. A small bit leaked out before she was able to regain her composure, and though it wasn't enough to show on her pants, she felt panicked.

“Come on, come on,” she whispered sharply to herself, crossing her legs tightly as she focused every bit of her energy on not wetting herself here and now. She would not last much longer, but she didn't know when they would come back for her. Though she hoped and prayed she would make it until then, there was no way to know.

She tried sitting, hoping that it would help, but instead, it only put a greater pressure on her bladder, and she nearly doubled over as she tried to stand up. Was it really possible for her to hold it any longer? It hurt so much to try to hold it in that she constantly found herself thinking about just letting it out, right here and now. At least then she would finally have the relief she so desperately craved.

But, no, she couldn't. She knew that she couldn't do something like that, no matter how much it seemed like she wouldn't have another option. So much was riding on her not wetting herself; if she gave in, she would regret it. She jammed her hands between her legs, dancing in place to make it easier on her. She could do this. She could.

Time ticked by so slowly that it felt like hours, though she had no real way of knowing how long it had been. Most likely it had not been very long at all, but in her current state, even a second felt an hour. She was so close to losing control, but she held on, ignoring the small leaks she experienced every now and then. The small dark spot between her legs would not be noticeable.

Finally, when she was starting to question if anyone was even still in the house, the door swung open. She tried to stand up normally, but there was absolutely no way she could hold it at this point without her pose.

“Congratulations, Cady,” said Regina with a deceptively warm smile. “Looks like you passed our little test. We'll have to work on getting you to hold it in a more subtle manner, but for your first time, you've done great!”

“Thank you,” she said, her voice strained. “Which way...uh, which way is the bathroom?”

Regina merely laughed and said, “But where's the fun in that? We've seen that you can hold as long as we need you to, but now let's see your limits in general.”

A sense of dread fell over Cady. No matter what she did, there was absolutely no way to avoid wetting herself in front of the other girls. She grit her teeth and focused as much as she could, trying to think of a way out that wouldn't come. It was too hard to concentrate on anything else, and just as she started to form some sort of plan, her bladder gave in to the pressure.

A strong torrent of piss gushed out, soaking the crotch of her jeans quickly, then steadily began to trail its way downward, turning them almost black. When it reached the bottom, it filled her shoes and spread out around her feet on the floor with still more to come. It seemed as though her bladder would never run out, and when it finally did, she was totally and completely drenched.

As she stood there, soaking wet, mildly humiliated, and incredibly relieved, she still felt a sense of pride. She had passed their test. She was in.

