Nicholas1996's Commissions (A Series of Fics)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-12-05 15:32

A/N: In this thread I will post all of the fics I do for a user on this site. For now, we're going to have a wide variety of cartoons, with both male and female omorashi popping up, depending on the story. This first one focuses on Frankie from Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends.

Frankie often busies herself with chores, to the point that she gets lost in them and forgets to take care of her other needs. That’s exactly what she’s doing one day, when she realizes that she feels the urge to pee, something that has probably been going on for a while, but that she’s only just noticed. Since it’s already at a point that she really can’t ignore, she decides to go ahead and take care of that as quickly as she can, and heads off to look for the bathroom.

The first bathroom that she comes to has a bit of a line of imaginary friends, and she isn’t sure if it’ll be worth waiting, when she can just find another one with less of a wait. However, every bathroom that she comes across seems to be the same situation, and she continues searching, her desperation growing with each step that she takes. Her bladder is more full than she realized, and even walking proves to be a bit of a pain, causing her overfull bladder to slosh, and make her afraid that she might leak.

It’s rare that she’s in a situation where she’s this desperate, and she prays that she doesn’t end up in a situation where she actually wets herself.

All she can do is try to hold back as much as possible, pressing on in the hopes that at least one bathroom won’t have a ridiculous wait time. Even a small line would be fine, though, in the back of her mind, she knows that if she’d just waited at the first one she came to, then she probably would have been able to go by now, she tries not to think about that. No point in dwelling on the past now.

Frankie is growing so desperate now that she can’t believe she ever let it get this bad.It hasn’t been this bad in a really long time, and she’s starting to panic, wondering if she really is going to be pushed so far that she wets herself. More than anything, she wants to avoid that happening, but by now, she can’t even walk normally.

After passing so many bathrooms, it’s obvious to anyone who notices how strangely she’s walking that she’s dealing with a full bladder, and she wonders if there’s any bathroom in the house that isn’t constantly in use.

Her bladder aches for relief, but no matter how she searches, she can’t find it. The lines are so bad, and her bladder is so full, and she’s beginning to panic, really not sure now if she’s going to be able to make it or not. She whimpers, imagining the humiliation that would occur if she were to wet herself in the house. After all, she would be the one who’d have to clean it up, and walk around in her wet clothes, and everyone would soon know what had happened to her. No matter what, she has to avoid that outcome.

She knows that she absolutely can’t take it anymore, and so, she makes a mad dash for the kitchen, or, at least, she moves as quickly as she can right now without losing control of her over full bladder. It’s hard to move without leaking too much, though she does lose a few drops along the way, which only increases her panic. Frankie knows that she’s got only one choice, and that’s to use the sink before she humiliates herself by wetting herself.

She’s absolutely trembling by the time she makes it into the kitchen, and she’s relieved to see that, as expected, there’s no one else around. Hiking up her skirt, she heaves herself up onto the sink, yanking down her panties as she sits over it, and that is all the time she has left before the dam breaks and she lets loose, hot pee gushing out of her into the sink as she heaves a huge sigh of relief.

It is that exact moment with Mac, still a frequent visitor of the house even after turning eighteen, walks into the kitchen and gets an eyeful of exactly how Frankie has chosen to relieve herself in her desperation. He can’t help but openly stare at her in his shock, and she lets out a shriek when she sees him, even more thrown when she sees how visibly aroused he’s become, and she shouts, “Mac, don’t look!”

However, at this point, he can’t turn away and she can’t stop the flood, so all she can do is blush and look away from him as she finishes peeing in front of him. She’s never experienced something so strange and embarrassing in all of her life.

Once she finishes, she stands up and hurriedly pulls her panties up to cover herself, turning the sink on full blast to wash away any further evidence of the incident. Scowling at the ground, she mumbles, “Never speak of this again,” to Mac, who is still standing there. With that, she hurries out of the kitchen, ready to take a shower and go to bed, fully willing to blow off the rest of her chores to forget this ever happened.

*003*2017-12-06 21:29

A/N: THis one is for Fairly Odd Parents

One day at school, Timmy, now a senior, is having a fairly normal day, but, during his last class, he runs into a bit of an inconvenience. He hasn’t been paying much attention to his bladder all day, and now, he realizes that he probably should have visited the bathroom before this class, or perhaps even earlier in the day. Now, he has to pee rather badly, and he fidgets in his seat, wondering if he can really wait until the end class. It’s pretty uncomfortable, so he looks down to his fairy godparents, disguised as school supplies, and quietly mumbles a wish.

“I wish that the bell would ring sooner.”

Without missing a beat, Wanda replies, “We can’t grant wishes that make school go faster, it’s against the rules.”

This irritates Timmy a lot, and he immediately tries to think of a way out of that. Though he can’t come up with anything for that, he does think of something else, a rather wicked idea that causes him to grin. “Then I wish everyone in class would have to pee as bad as I do.”

“Are you sure you really want that?”

“I’ve got a wish I can really enjoy, so are you gonna make it happen?”

Wanda consults her rule book first, before sighing and saying, “There’s no rule against it.” With the wave of her wand, the mood in the room suddenly shifts as everyone is overcome with the urge to pee.

The other kids in the class, boys and girls alike, begin to fidget in their seats and cross their legs. Timmy decides that it’s okay to be a little more open about his desperation and does the same, crossing his legs at the ankles and squirming at his desk.

He really enjoys his wish, and enjoys seeing the way everyone else in his class acts when this desperate, making his own situation more enjoyable as a result. By the time class is half over, he’s to the point where he has to pee pretty badly, his bladder throbbing as he fidgets, trying to do whatever he can to keep it from going too far.

At the very least, even if he is getting to the point where he’s having a hard time holding it, getting to see everyone else in that situation is better than he could have ever expected. Everyone in the class appears to be struggling to hold it, all of them with their own ways of preventing it, whether it be crossing their legs or jamming their hand into their lap.

When it gets down to fifteen minutes left of class, Timmy decides to make things even more interesting, because he’s been enjoying himself so much. “I wish that a sprinkler would spray the window where everyone can see and hear it,” he whispers, wanting to see how much that complicates things for each of his classmates. He knows that he can hold it until the end of the fifteen minutes, but wonders if everyone else can, as Wanda raises her wand and makes it happen.

The spray of water leaves them all just barely holding on, and he watches them while squeezing his thighs together, just waiting for one of them to lose it. However, the time passes without significant incident, so, right before the bell rings, he makes one final wish. “I wish the bathrooms would all be out of order, just to see what happens. I can always wish them fixed when I need to.”

His wish is granted just in time for everyone to hurry out of the classroom, Timmy following behind to watch them as they all groan upon realizing the bathrooms are closed. Everyone has to come up with another solution, and he notices some people heading outside, looking for somewhere else to relieve themselves. Following the crowd, he sees Trixie looking around frantically for somewhere to go.

What he doesn’t know is that she’s already starting to leak, gasping as her panties grow damp, and she runs to to a nearby grove of bushes. Timmy can’t help but follow her, watching as she pulls her panties down and squats, thinking she’s alone. That’s when Timmy steps closer, tipping her off to his presence, but she’s already so exposed.

Blushing, she says, “Don’t come any closer, plase!”

“Can I join you?” he asks. “I have to go really bad no.”

“N-no, I…” she starts, but she has t pee so badly that she can’t resist him, saying, “Just don’t watch.”

Timmy sighs in relief after pulling himself free, the two of them letting go together, the hissing of both of their streams rather loud. Soon, they’re both empty, and Timmy turns, noticing the other classmates all sharing a tree. He giggles and says, “At least you didn’t have to do it in front of everyone like that, that would have been embarrassing.”

Trixie blushes again, getting her clothes straightened up, and says, “Don’t tell anyone about this or I’ll kill you.”

The two of them head back into the building, and Timmy can’t help but think it’s the best wish he’s ever made, something that will be a worthwhile memory even when he loses memories of his fairies.

*006*2017-12-07 20:59

A/N: And this commission is going to be for Family Guy, focusing on Meg

On Meg’s graduation day, she’s excited to receive her diploma and to have her whole family their with her to see it happen. It’s a very happy occasion for her, but since she’s forced to wait her turn, and has a big class, she has quite a bit of a wait. When she first feels the urge to pee, she knows that she has enough time to take care of that, so she excuses herself to go to the bathroom.

She gets up without making too much of a spectacle of herself and heads to the bathroom, but when she gets there, she sees a sign on the girls room door that says, “Out of Order.”

With that, she knows that she isn’t going to be able to go to another bathroom before it will be too late for her to get back in time for her diploma. Sighing, she decides to just head back and do her best to hold it. Already, the urge to pee has gotten worse, so she knows that it probably isn’t a good idea to push things, but she also doesn’t want to miss her own graduation. She heads back to her seat, trying to hide the fact that she seriously has to pee.

They make their way through names on the list, and every few seconds, she shifts, trying to make holding it easier on herself. She really wishes that she had been able to go when she got to the bathroom, because it would have made all of this a lot easier on her, but, as it is, she knows that there’s no changing the past. All she can do now is do whatever she can to make sure that she makes it all the way through the rest of her ceremony, particularly to getting to her name and receiving her diploma.

Her family notices, and her mom asks her if she’s okay. She replies, “The bathroom was out of order when I went to go use it. I was going to try to wait until I got my diploma.”

She tries to sound confident about it, but her signs get more obvious as her struggle continues. Meg can’t hardly sit still at all at this point, and she can’t breathe steady, and her bladder aches so much that she can hardly stand it. It feels like an eternity, waiting for them to finally get to her name.

When they do finally call her up there, she finds that it’s hard for her to stand up and harder still for her to walk to the stage, especially without showing any signs of her desperation. Still, she tries to do that, not wanting the audience to be able to tell that she’s on the verge of wetting herself at her own graduation, but that proves to be impossible for her. She fidgets while she stands onstage, forced to say a few words as she accepts her diploma, biting down hard on her lip whenever she isn’t speaking.

It takes all that she has to make it through that without losing control and wetting herself in front of everyone, and, as soon as she has her diploma in hand and has finished talking, she turns and hurries offstage, running as quickly as she can without causing her bladder to spill over in the process. She only has one option, though she isn’t sure how she’s going to pull it off, but still she heads straight for the men’s room anyway.

Fortunately for her, she runs into Chris on the way there, as he must have come out after her, concerned. “Chris, good timing!” she says. “Can you guard for me while I go to the mens? I’m bursting!”

Her brother agrees, and the two go in together, only for her to discover that all the stalls are in use. She’s let it go on for too long, and she can’t take it anymore, she can’t afford to wait for someone else to come out.

Chris is surprised to see her walk up to a urinal and take off her pants and panties, to use it like she knows how, like she’s done it before. She lets out a loud sigh of relief, and he blushes, not sure where to look when she’s putting on a spectacle like this. It’s around this time that men begin coming out of the stalls and staring, but Meg carries on as if she doesn’t notice at all. She’s just so relieved to finally be able to pee that she doesn’t care for the moment.

However, when she finishes and is aware of the fact that she’s half naked in front of these strangers, she’s embarrassed- though that word really doesn’t begin to cover it- and she quickly puts her pants and panties back on, and rushes out of the bathroom.

Needless to say, it’s a day she’s never going to forget, for more reasons than one.

*008*2017-12-11 16:41

A/N: A male focused one with Alvin and the Chipmunks

The gang is getting ready for their next gig, without much time to spare before they have to go for a performance. As always, staying properly hydrated is key, but sometimes, it can be difficult to remember to attend to all needs, particularly one that arises from drinking so much to stay that hydrated. That is to say, none of them remember to use the bathroom before it’s too late, and by the time they finally feel the first urge to go, they’re all in too much of a rush getting ready to have the time to take a break, not even for something as important as that.

The one bathroom they might have the chance to visit has a sign that says “out of order”, and they certainly don’t have the time to try to search for another one. It’s too late for that, which means that they have to hold it from here on out.

Before long, Alvin, Theodore, and Simon all feel like they’re absolutely bursting, but it’s too late to do anything about that now, since it’s time for the three of them to get ready to take to the stage. They’ll just have to hold it until the end of the show, though they aren’t sure if they will be able to manage to do that. Each of them has his own concerns about his ability to hold it until the end, but none of them voice these concerns, hoping for the best regardless.

Being on stage like this is difficult, all three of them really have to go right now, which makes it hard to focus on the performance. Though they want to brush off their need, it’s hard to, and with all these people watching, they know that showing too many signs is going to look bad for them. They want to keep the audience from noticing, but it’s hard not to fidget and squirm, something that will surely become obvious if they let it go on for too long.

But what else can they do? Each one begins to notice just how bad things are getting for the others, which only increases their own anxiety, as they don’t only have to worry for themselves right now.

It’s getting so bad now that they can hardly take it, each one doing what he can to hold it without showing it too much, but that only grows harder as time goes on. How are they going to make it until the end? How are they supposed to take it when it gets this bad? None of them have ever had to go this bad, particularly not during a performance when they have absolutely no escape, and it doesn’t matter how much their bladders hurt or how hard it is to hide how bad it’s getting, there’s nothing that any of them can do to make the situation easier.

The first time Alvin notices the potted plant, looking a little out of place nearly off the side of the stage, but still in view, he has the random thought of using that to relieve himself. Obviously, that’s completely out of the question, but the thought still comes to his mind and he trembles, glancing out of the corner of his eye. Simon and Theodore both notice his gaze and look as well, both overcome with a similar impossible desire.

The urge to go has gotten so bad now that the thought continues to plague them all, becoming more appealing even though it’s something they would never consider otherwise. It’s getting so hard to hold it that they can’t stop thinking of different ways to relieve themselves, no matter how out of the question they are. Their glances continue to return to the plant as the show goes on, their distraction becoming very apparent and their performance slipping as a result. All three are squirming around so obviously now that anyone could tell what was wrong with them.

Finally, it gets to such a point that none of them can bear it anymore, and the idea that seemed so out of the question moments ago seems like the only solution now. There is no decision made between the three of them, and yet, they all move at the same time, hurrying to the plant together. And then, in front of the entire audience, they let go, not caring that everyone sees them emptying their bladders, just glad to get it out of them.

But the relief only lasts so long before they feel themselves blushing, knowing that their careers must be over now, after a show like that. Even so, it’s nice to be empty after holding it for that long.

*010*2017-12-13 19:05

A/N: This one is Code Lyoko

All over town, toilets aren’t functioning properly. They can’t flush, because water has been cut off, and, no matter how anyone tries, there is nothing they can do to repair them. Nobody knows this, but Xana is responsible, having gotten the idea that humans need toilets and that cutting them off would be a good plan.

However, word has not spread to everyone, and, while at school, Yumi tries to go to the bathroom, only to discover that it’s out of order. She doesn’t think much of it, certainly doesn’t expect that this is something that’s spread all over town, and she decides to hold it for a little bit longer. But, by the end of the day, she really has to go, only to discover that all other bathrooms in the school are out of order, boys and girls alike.

It’s been a difficult day, trying to ignore the urge as it grew more intense, knowing that the one time she tried to go was entirely fruitless. She can feel her bladder growing more and more full as time passes on, and this leaves her nervous, wondering just how long she can make it. By the time the end of the day hits, she knows that she can’t afford to wait too much longer, but she is completely disheartened upon discovering the status of the other bathrooms.

She meets up with her friends, who are just as perplexed by all of this as she is, and they notice that their classmates are in similar situations, all rather desperate but with nowhere to go. Some begin using trees, so desperate that they are made shameless. Her group is grossed out by this, though the boys agree that it isn’t the worst idea, considering the situation. All of them have to go pretty badly, having been denied the bathroom all day, but both Aleita and Yumi vow that they will not do anything as gross as that.

However, Jeremy, Ulrich, and Odd don’t necessarily share that sentiment, as all three are getting pretty desperate and will have an easy time of using trees like some of their classmates are doing. They discuss it amongst themselves, much to the disgust of the girls, and finally decide that they will do this as well, breaking apart from the group to go find a tree that isn’t being used by too many people.

The girls, though both dealing with very full bladders, swear that they will do nothing of the sort, no matter how desperate they may be. Once the boys are done, they head to the factory together, both Yumi and Aelita more than a little uncomfortable as their bladders continue to protest and demand relief. Yumi knows that she’s forced herself to wait for too long, but she doesn’t really know what else she’s supposed to do in a situation like this, other than just keep trying to hold it for as long as she can.

But by the time they get to the factory, she’s in so much pain and has to go so bad that she doesn’t know what to do. Aelita is suffering quite a bit as well, neither of them know how to handle their overfull bladders. The throbbing has gotten so bad and neither of them can stand still, both left squirming in place, even grabbing themselves from time to time, but neither feeling that they have any option other than to keep trying to hold it, no matter how long it may take.

“If you’d just used a tree you’d be fine by now,” Odd comments, not having the decency to look away from them while they display their desperation like this.

However, his words ring true, and the two of them are pushed to such a point now that they can’t help but consider what they wouldn’t have considered before. They see old, abandoned trash cans as soon as they enter the factory, something that they see every day but that calls their attention more so today. Neither one of them feel like they can take it anymore, and it feels like this is really their only option now, or else they could end up wetting themselves.

That is why they both, without any warning, charge for the trash cans, and Yumi unfastens her pants even as she moves, knowing that every second is precious now. Her bladder just can’t take any more of this, and she is only seconds away from losing control completely, so she absolutely has to do something about it now. Aelita does the same without either of them discussing it or planning it, also knowing that she can only take so much before she is put in a position where she may wet herself in front of everyone, something that she can’t allow.

And so the two of them just let go, right there in front of the boys, using the trash cans shamelessly, at first. The boys can only watch in shock, and the girls quickly grow humiliated, but not as humiliated as they would have been if they had actually wet themselves. Once they are relieved, at least, they can focus on fixing the problem, but not until after making the boys vow to never speak of this again.

*013*2017-12-15 15:43

A/N: Xialion Showdown this time, little bit of male, plenty of female, god its been centuries since i watched this show but i had such a crush on jack when i was a kid

While Kimiko and the others are looking for another Shen Gong Wu, she is hit with the urge to pee. It’s been a long flight, but she tries to hide her desperation from the others anyway, hoping that they can get this over with quickly so that she can relieve herself without any incident. She’s too embarrassed to actually say anything about her need and she hopes that nobody notices. She does everything she can not to show it, even though it’s very hard not to squirm whenever they are standing still.

When the group finally finds what they’re looking for, it’s a mad rush to get it, because Kimiko sees that Jack Spicer has arrived on the scene, and the two rush to see who will get to it first. They both reach it at the same time and it begins to glow, and at that time, Kimiko can’t help but cross her legs, her bladder briefly demanding her attention.

Jack chuckles and says, “Looks like nature calls, huh? How about a wager?”

“What kind of wager?” she asks, blushing furiously.

“I challenge you to a pee holding contest. It’s pretty obvious what the winner gets, but the loser has to pee on a tree with everyone watching.”

“That’s so gross!” she protests, but she doesn’t have much choice with what’s at stake, so she has to agree.

Before making the wager, Jack didn’t feel like he had to go, but now that they’ve begun, he suddenly realizes that his bladder is more full than he initially thought. However, he still thinks that he has a strong enough bladder that she won’t be able to stand a chance against him, though when she crosses her legs, he finds himself doing the same as well, trying to make it easier on himself.

Kimiko, meanwhile, cannot believe that she’s actually doing something like this, and is incredibly grossed out by the concept as she fights to hold it longer than their enemy. “Why the hell did you choose this as a challenge?” she asks.

“You already have to go and I have a good bladder,” he replies. “I’m sue it’s a pain having nowhere to go on long trips, huh?”

She blushes, having nothing to say considering it’s true, and she continues to fight her throbbing bladder, squirming in her desperation. She doesn’t know how much longer she can last like this, but she prays that it’s long enough. Meanwhile, Jack wants to make it as difficult for her as possible, and he gets the idea to use his orb of tornami to cause a river to form beside them, the rushing water impossible to ignore.

“How about this? Bet you can’t hold it much longer now, huh? I can hold it all day if I have to,” he taunts with a laugh. He does his best to hide the fact that this isn’t making it easier for him, while she grows all the more visibly desperate, squirming and groaning and fighting to hold it in.

The sounds and sights of rushing water leaves her even more desperate than before, and even though Jack is just barely fighting to keep his composure, she knows that she is going to end up losing this challenge even as she tries to prolong her part in it. She can’t hold it for much longer, but she still hopes that he will somehow be the one to give in first. She crosses her legs tight, bouncing up and down where she stands and whimpering, and, much to her dread, she feels a spurt escape her.

As much as she doesn’t want this to be over, she’s not doing too well, and that means that she’s going to lose, whether she wants to or not. The only thing worse than the punishment for giving up is to actually go so far as to wet herself in front of everyone, and she knows that. She whimpers and Jack notices just how pathetic she has become, playing with the orb more and more, taunting her with water until finally, she lets out a cry of, “I can’t take it anymore! You win, Jack!”

With that, a tree for her to use springs up, and, though she already regrets it, she has no choice but to go to it. So she does, hurrying over before she can lose control completely, and it’s all she can do to get out of her bottoms and squat, blushing as she’s forced to empty her bladder in front of everyone, but so desperate now that she doesn’t even have the time to be shy. “Please, don’t look,” she tells her friends, and she closes her eyes, not sure if they listen to her plea or not, and not able to afford to care too much right now.

When all is said and done, all she can do is mutter, “Please don’t ever speak of this,” as she gets her clothes straightened up. Jack, on the other hand, is glad that he was able to last, but now that the challenge is over, he hastily goes for his own tree, not caring who sees him.

*016*2017-12-15 20:45

{{4 hours ago, Potty-Polly said:

Just read through them all and they're all fantastic... Um you taking requests? Cause if so the Simpsons (Lisa or an older version of Maggie) or gravity falls (mable pines)

}}

Currently I'm only taking commissions, I have a thread that lists my rates and whatnot

*019*2017-12-18 19:48

A/N: This one focuses on Kitty from Tuff Puppy

Kitty still can’t believe the position that she’s found herself in. She doesn’t know how she’s going to get out of this, particularly not with her dignity in tact. Never did she expect something like this to happen when she woke up this morning, but it wasn’t long before the chain of events got set into motion.

The TUFF toilets were out of order, which meant that, when she felt the urge to pee, she knew she had to wait until they were repaired, which wasn’t that far off and seemed pretty possible for her. However, it wasn’t long later that she got sent on a mission, which made things more complicated.

Still, she had hopes at the time that she would be able to get through this quickly and get back in time to use the bathroom, or even have the chance to use the bathroom on the way there or on the way back. However, there was too much of a rush for the former, though she still hoped for the latter, as her bladder was growing more and more full as they continued to rush there. Things should have gone simply enough, but sadly, they weren’t at all.

The mission did not go as quickly or as easily as planned, and, in fact, it was impossible to evade every trap set for them. That is how Kitty finds herself in captivity, with her full bladder making it very hard for her to think of a way for her to escape, and making her even more nervous about this already horrible situation she’s found herself in. She tries to keep up a tough act to hide how badly her need is getting, but that’s easier said than done, when it has been building for so long.

It takes all she has to try to maintain her composure, and even that isn’t really enough. She can’t stop herself from squirming from time to time, and eventually, Snaptrap is able to figure out that she has to pee pretty badly, and that he’s caught her at a very inconvenient time. She’s tied up with Dudley, squirming and pathetic, and he decides to use this to his advantage and torment her a little bit, just to see what happens. After all, it’s not often you get your enemies in such compromising positions.

Things are already so bad for her that she can’t imagine them getting much worse, but she’s wrong about that. First the villain decides to taunt her by pouring water in a glass right in front of her, making her watch and listen to the sound of it splashing into the glass.

As if that weren’t torturous enough, each glass he drinks loudly for her to hear as well, and her bladder protests all of this. She doesn’t know how she’s supposed to keep holding it under these conditions, when she was nearing her limit before she ever got caught in the first place. She squirms in her binds, not sure how else to try to relieve the pressure when it’s hard enough to move as it is.

But then she notices Dudley, using his teeth to try to get them out of the rope. So far, Snaptrap is too distracted with trying to mess with her, and he hasn’t even noticed yet. If she can keep it up, and act desperate and helpless, and keep his attention away from Dudley, there may be hope for her yet! Well, acting desperate and helpless shouldn’t be too hard for her, especially considering her time is limited, no matter how quickly Dudley manages to get her out of this.

When a sprinkler outside is activated, hitting the window so that she can hear it and mostly see it, she really thinks that she’s going to lose control completely, blinking back tears and whimpering, trying to stop any leaks from escaping. It’s going to be too late for her soon, even if they do escape, and she doesn’t know how she’s going to make it with all of this torment. Kitty can hardly breathe as she is mocked and tormented, but then, suddenly, she feels the ropes around her go slack.

Just in the nick of time, the two of them are free, and the surprise of their escape gives them a bit of an advantage. The fight is a quick one that allows Kitty the chance to search for a bathroom, but she knows already that it’s too late, that she won’t be able to find one before it’s too late. As she hurries, she comes upon a potted plant, and she knows that this is her only real option, with how full her bladder is.

Both her ally and her enemy are so shocked that they halt their fight, unable to do anything but stare in disbelief as she drops her pants and relieves herself directly into the plant. She lets out a sigh of relief as she is finally able to empty her overfull bladder after all this time, and it is only when the relief fades away that she is overcome with humiliation at what she’s done.

Standing up and fixing her clothes, she lets out a cry of, “Don’t ever mention this to anyone!” before fleeing, hoping that Dudley can handle himself.

*021*2017-12-20 17:49

A/N: Another installment, this time for Loud House

It’s a pretty normal day for Lincoln when he’s hit with the urge to pee, and he heads to the bathroom only to discover that one of his sisters is in the shower. He contemplates what to do and decides that it shouldn’t be too much longer, and he goes back to his room to try to distract him. It’s not that bad of an urge yet, so he doesn’t think it’ll be too difficult to hold it for a bit, and when he goes back to check, he’s sure that the bathroom will be free and that everything will be fine for him.

However, he lets too much time pass, and is too distracted from his bladder, so much so that he doesn’t notice how bad his urge to pee is getting until he is suddenly overcome by a sharp pang in his lower abdomen, and he remembers that he had been putting that off. It’s gotten so much worse in the time that he wasn’t paying attention to it, and now he knows that he really, really needs to go soon, so he gets up and hurries for the bathroom, hoping that it’s finally free.

But it isn’t, and he wants to cry when he hears someone taking a shower in there. Before, it was Luan, but when he calls out this time, asking, “Are you going to be done soon?” it is a different sister who responds.

“No, I’m not, I just got in!” calls Leni, and he knows that he’s going to be in for a longer wait. The problem is, he isn’t sure if he can manage to wait much longer, but when he goes to another bathroom, he finds that the toilet is completely clogged, and essentially out of order. Now, he knows that he has to come up with another plan.

It’s getting so bad for him and his bladder is so full and he is so desperate that he hurries for the kitchen, praying that no one will be in there. Fortunately, it is empty, and he’s so full now that he doesn’t think about what might happen if someone walks in, just hurries to the cabinet and grabs a cup, deciding this is the best course of action, since he’d have to stand on something to comfortably pee directly into the sink.

However, it’s right as he’s about to unzip that Lori walks in, and he stops short. “What are you doing?” she asks, noticing his guilty expression and the empty cup in his hand.

“Nothing, nothing!” he replies quickly, coming up with a lie. “I just finished this glass of water and I was putting in the sink! See?” He sits it down in the sink and says, “And now I’m just going outside, alright? Alright! See you later, Lori!”

He hurries into the backyard, and, since it’s empty, he decides that his only option remaining is using the tree. At the very least, he knows that relief is in his reach, and he could cry, he has to go so badly. He approaches the tree at the exact moment that Lynn enters the backyard with her sports equipment and he freezes...or, well, mostly. The two of them stare at one another, and he can’t hold still, his bladder is so full, and he crosses his legs, fidgeting, even though he doesn’t mean to.

It only takes Lynn a split second to figure out what his problem is, and then another to figure out what he was planning to do about it, and she scolds him, “Lincoln! You can’t just go outside! That’s gross! Seriously, what do you think you’re doing?”

“The bathrooms are all either in use or not working, and I’ve really, really gotta go!” he replies, too frantic to try to hide it anymore. He certainly knows that he can’t hold it anymore.

“Gross, man,” she says with a blush, and, as much as he doesn’t want to do something like in front of his own sister, there’s nothing that he can do other than give in now. He can’t wait anymore, and so he unzips, grossing Lynn out thoroughly as he pees on the tree,

Except, that isn’t all there is to it for her. She brought her equipment into the backyard in case she wasn’t alone, so she would have an excuse for being back there, but in reality… “Can I join you?” she asks suddenly, frantically. “I really can’t hold it anymore!”

She doesn’t wait for an answer before she strips from the waist down, squatting by the tree and letting go. And that’s not all; the problems seem to extend to more of the house, as Luna rushes outside, saying, “Don’t make this weird, dudes!”

Just as she joins them, Lori nervously hurries outside, and then Lucy. It’s rather embarrassing for all of the siblings, but they’ve all been put in such desperate situations that there’s nothing any of them can do about it. At the very least, they’re all together on it, so when all is said and done, and Lincoln says, “I think we can agree to just forget this happened, right?” his sisters all think that’s a great idea.

*023*2017-12-21 18:21

A/N: Here's one for Ben 10

It’s during a trip to another tourist destination when the family gets stuck in traffic, traffic so bad that they make nearly no move for a very long time. Getting stuck like this always makes Ben impatient, but today is worse than usual, and it’s not just the traffic that is making it so bad. For a little while now, he’s needed to go to the bathroom, but their bathroom is in need of repairs, meaning that they’ve all had to wait until rest stops in recent times.

Typically, that has been bearable, but typically, they haven’t been stuck in traffic with no way to pull over. Today, he can’t help but be nervous, considering he has no idea how long it will take them to get somewhere where they can pull off. He isn’t sure how bad it’s going to get before they can stop, or even if they will be able to stop in time, and he doesn’t want to think about that possibility, but he’s definitely getting more nervous about that happening.

As he squirms, he can’t help but notice that Gwen looks a little uncomfortable as well, and it isn’t hard to figure out that she’s in the same boat as him. With both of them desperate, he knows that this long trip is only going to get all the more interesting, but when she asks if they can possibly pull over soon, she gets the response that Ben was expecting: that there’s no way they can pull over right now, the traffic is too bad and they’re completely stuck, there is nowhere to go.

Which means that they are both definitely in for the long haul, and will both have to do whatever they can to hold out for as long as it takes to get through this jam and to a rest stop. Ben decides to try his best to hold it, and he sees Gwen crossing her legs, looking determined. Neither of them say anything to one another, because that would just feel too weird, but he can tell that they both are thinking the same thing; they’re going to do everything in their power to avoid wetting themselves and making a humiliating mess.

But determination can only do so much, and the two of them both find their desperation growing rather quickly, quicker than expected. It doesn’t seem as easy to hold now, but Ben still doesn’t want to give up just yet.

He doesn’t want to, but more time passes and his bladder grows so full that it gets to a point that he can’t sit still at all, and even grabs himself from time to time to prevent leaks, until he isn’t able to let go at all, and just holds himself, whimpering every now and again. Gwen tries to be more subtle but it isn’t long before she’s holding herself as well, both groaning in agony as their desperation grows but the traffic does not get much better at all.

Finally, it gets to a point that Ben knows there’s no way he’s going to make it much longer, and, since he can’t take it anymore, he quickly goes for a bottle. He unzips, letting loose inside the bottle, something that grosses Gwen out quite a bit, but also makes it more difficult for her to hold, getting to see and hear everything he does. She grits her teeth and squeezes her thighs together around her hand, where she still grabs herself, and says, “That’s so gross, Ben.”

“I couldn’t hold it anymore,” he replies, with a sigh of relief, trying not to let her know how embarrassed he is. Once he’s finished, he does feel a lot better, but Gwen is still not in very good shape, and her attempts to hold it grow more and more futile. Traffic has still barely moved, and if Ben couldn’t hold it anymore, she knows that she won’t be able to hold it anymore soon enough either.

In fact, it isn’t much later that she starts to leak, and she panics, knowing that it’s all over for her, and not wanting to fully wet herself. Panicked, she asks, “Is there anything for me to go in?!”

Ben quickly hands her a large cup, but it’s too late for her to move somewhere else, to go where he can’t see her. She just barely has time to pull down her pants and panties before the dam is broken, and she lets go, nearly filling the cup before her bladder is finally empty. She is so relieved at first that Gwen cannot bring herself to care that Ben is watching her right now.

It was to a point where she couldn’t wait anymore and had to let it out, so it takes a moment of her basking in her relief before the humiliation finally sets in. Then she blushes furiously and both she and Ben look away as she covers herself up and mutters, “Please don’t ever mention it again.”

“Trust me, I won’t,” he replies.

*026*2017-12-22 16:35

A/N: Scooby Doo, Shaggy focused

It’s a night like any other, with the gang trying to catch a monster, but little does Shaggy know, it’s not going to go completely typically, especially not for him. It starts with him not thinking to go to the bathroom before they really get into things, not knowing that his last chance passes him by until it’s too late. But, at first, he doesn’t even think it’s that big of a deal. After all, it’s not so bad yet, so he should be able to hold it until he has another chance, if everything goes well.

That’s before he finds out that he’s meant to be used as bait for the monster however; something that he would have protested even if he weren’t afraid of becoming too desperate to pee. However, there’s not much he can do to protest it now, when he’s got the other three against him, and he doesn’t want to let them know his reason for being nervous, so he decides that he can still hold it through all of this, no matter how challenging it might seem right now.

And, really, it’s not like it’s that bad, at least not at first. At first, it’s just a mild irritation that he’s mostly able to ignore. At first, it’s just the slight knowledge that his bladder isn’t completely empty, that it’s full enough to cause him so problems, but not so bad that he has to be panicked about the possibility of wetting himself, or anything like that. He continues to reassure himself that everything is fine, that as long as everything stays like this, then he’s going to be completely fine.

But things don’t stay the same, because time has to pass, and with the passing of time, things can only get worse in a situation like this. He begins to tap his foot impatiently, wondering how long this is going to take. Waiting like this could take any amount of time, depending on how things go, but he hopes that he isn’t going to have to wait too much longer, and that he’ll be able to make it to a bathroom in time.

If he isn’t able to hold it till the end, then he doesn’t know what he’s going to do. But then, he shakes his head and tries to tell himself not to worry about that right now. It’s not nearly that bad yet, and making himself nervous is only going to make it worse. His bladder continues to throb and he begins shifting his weight from foot to foot, trying to make holding it easier, since he knows it will be a while yet.

It isn’t long before it’s very obvious that he needs to pee, especially as the need gets worse. Time doesn’t go anymore quickly for him, and it becomes nearly impossible for him to keep his desperation in check. He can’t hold still, and he goes from not letting himself worry about it to being nearly panicked in no time at all. It hurts to try to hold it now, and the only sense of relief he has is when the trap works and they unmask the “monster”, just like they always do.

He is, at least, able to keep from wetting during that time, though there are some close calls whenever he’s startled, but now he knows that he doesn’t have as much to worry about. Now, he doesn’t have to stand around being bait, and now he can finally relieve himself, after forcing himself to hold it for way longer than he should have been able.

But, though relief is so close at hand, it’s not quite close enough. He’s pushed himself too hard, for too long, and he doesn’t know if he’s going to be able to find a bathroom in time, nor does he even have the slightest idea of where a bathroom to look for might be. He feels a leak escape him, and he yelps, knowing that this is the end of the line, whether he likes it or not. He’s either going to wet himself or he’s going to have to find an option right then and there.

That’s when his eyes land on a trash can. He knows that he shouldn’t but he also knows that he’ll wet himself if he doesn’t, and he simply can’t take it anymore. He doesn’t care that everyone is watching while he uses the trash can; for a moment, just being able to empty his bursting bladder is enough.

The humiliation doesn’t set in until after he’s completely empty, and he knows that, in the future, he’ll have to be more careful about going to the bathroom beforehand.



