Omorashi Ficlets

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2020-07-25 19:58

A/N: I do a lot prompted drabbles for commissions and streams and stuff, so this is a thread for all of them. Multiple fandoms in here, but probably mostly Pokemon and Fire Emblem, male and female stuff, sexual content in some.

Colress x Rosa, pissdrinking and blowjobs

Rosa notices that he’s begun to fidget before Colress even notices that he has to piss. This happens fairly often, as his tendency to get too involved in his work has its downsides. That is where Rosa often comes in handy, and it helps keep things entertaining for her. It would be a total bore, just watching him typing away, occasionally muttering to himself about things that she only halfway understands, but like this, it is very interesting.

She is at the point where she can read his body language so well that she can pick up on his needs before he ever voices them, and often before he realizes that he has those needs himself. Before he has even realized that he has to piss, Rosa is nudging her way between him and his desk, so that she can get beneath it, kneeling in front of him.

This is enough to snap him out of things a little bit, at least enough to suddenly wince, pressing his thighs together as he realizes his predicament. But already, Rosa is taking steps to fix that, so he simply says, “Thank you,” before picking up where he left off.

She does the work of unzipping his pants and getting his cock out herself, wrapping her lips around him and waiting. Without losing his concentration in the slightest, Colress relaxes his bladder, flooding her mouth with a steady stream. He lets out a soft sigh as he does, and Rosa eagerly swallows, not allowing a single drop to spill over. Even while entirely focused on something else, he is able to keep his stream controlled enough that she can do this, but that comes from much practice, on both sides.

Soon enough, he has relaxed completely, the stream slowing to a stop, but even then, Rosa doesn’t move. Since she went to all the trouble of getting down here, she might as well do a little more for him, and see if, perhaps, she can break his focus this time. She has tried many times before, but each time, he’s managed to keep his eyes on his research to the very end.

Even as he grows hard in her mouth, he shows no visible reaction and she looks up at him from under his desk, waiting for him to look back at her. When he doesn’t, she sets to work, drawing him deeper into her mouth, wrapping her tongue around the head of his cock, and still, nothing. The challenge drives her on, until she is bobbing her head, taking him as deep as she can manage, and the only indication that he feels anything at all are the softly exhaled moans. His expression remains the same, and his typing does not falter.

In fact, Colress doesn’t even seem to notice when she pulls back entirely, finishing the job with her hand and aiming him directly at her face as he comes, her eyes wide and her lips parted. The complete lack of reaction might put anyone else off, but for Rosa, it only adds an additional thrill to their relationship, because it serves as a challenge.

Next time, she promises herself.

Gladion x Lillie, a desperate Gladion pisses on his sister

“Gladion, are you pushing yourself again?” Lillie asks in a soft voice, startling Gladion out of his thoughts. Immediately, he’s frustrated with her, even though he knows that probably isn’t fair. He’s just on edge right now, though it can be irritating, how observant she is and how she can’t mind her own business.

“I’m fine,” he mutters, even though he definitely isn’t. They’ve been on the road for a while now; Lillie has recently begun her journey to become a proper trainer, and, not wanting to abandon her again, Gladion has followed along, and the two have become closer than they ever were before. Perhaps a bit too close, but he isn’t complaining about that part.

“I don’t think you are,” she replies, because it’s just like her to get bossy now, to decide not to let it go. “You’re awfully stiff, and we haven’t stopped in a while. If you want to stop, just say the word.”

“I don’t ,” he insists, and he doesn’t know why he bothers being stubborn like this. He has to piss, and terribly so at that, and he knows it’ll be a long time before they reach the next town. Digging his heels in about this is just inviting disaster, and he knows that, but he still argues without thinking.

“I think you do.” Lillie can be just as stubborn as he can, and he knows the look in her eyes, and knows that she has more on her mind than just pestering him about not pushing himself. “I’m going to stop, whether you want to or not.”

With that, she flounces off the path without waiting for him, and Gladion has no choice but to follow after her, already knowing what he will see even before he finds her. When he does find her, she squatted down behind a grove of bushes, skirt pulled up and panties pulled down, sighing happily as she empties her bladder.

Even more frustrating is how long it lasts, because, judging by that, she must have had to pee just as badly as he does right now, so why was she bothering him about it? If she needed to stop, she could have said so, without making this about him.

“Come on, Gladion,” she says, looking up at him. She doesn’t even mind that he’s watched her- We’re family , is her excuse for everything, even when that should be a reason not to do something. “I know you have to, so go ahead. Right...here.”

If it weren’t for the way she said the last word, if it weren’t for the inviting look she gave him, he wouldn’t have thought anything of it, but he knows that look from Lillie. He also knows that what she’s asking of him, he probably shouldn’t be so eager to do. He probably shouldn’t assume that that’s even what she’s asking of him, but he’s got his pants unzipped in no time at all, and Lillie beams at him, looking all too eager for this.

Gladion soaks his little sister, not thinking of her clothes until he has already soaked through the top of her shirt. He aims his stream at her face, because that makes the most sense to him, and when she angles her neck, parting her lips, he assumes that means he made the right choice. Immediately, he feels better, emptying his bladder onto his sister, not bothering to question why he likes it so much, or why she likes it so much.

But her shirt is soaked through as liquid spills off her face, and it’s only once he’s done that he realizes this. He should feel more sorry for making a mess of her, but even Lillie doesn’t seem to mind, smiling as she stands and asks, “Now, don’t you feel better?”

In fact, he has to remind her to change her shirt before they keep going. If he didn’t know better, he would think she wanted to walk into town like that.

Clair x unnamed OC, getting desperate in front of her apprentice

Clair continues to push her needs out of her mind, wanting to focus only on the task at hand. Her new apprentice, hand-selected and perfect for the role, needs to see exactly what she is capable of. She has always wanted to take on a teaching role like this, always wanted to have someone to look up to her, and she is not going to interrupt that for something as trivial as a bathroom break. Imagine how that would look on her!

No, she is going to ignore this, and wait it out until she can get rid of him, no matter how impossible it may seem. She has already ignored her need for too long, and she knows based on past experience alone that she does not stand much chance of making it if she doesn’t excuse herself now, and even still, Clair remains stubborn.

She can’t just tell him that she needs to take a break! Or, at least, that is what she continues to insist to herself, even as he asks her if she’s okay, if she needs anything, if she’s feeling alright, and, if not, if there’s anything he can do for her. Even when she finds that she can’t quite stand up straight, nd that she can’t hold still for longer than thirty seconds at the most, she still insists to herself that she can handle this, and to him that there is absolutely nothing wrong.

It is as if she thinks she can will the problem away just by denying it enough, but her body has other ideas in mind, and if she is not going to relieve herself by choice, then, whether she wants it or not, her body is going to take care of things on its own. And, since she has made no move to put an end to training, made no move to get away from him, she ends up pissing herself right in front of her apprentice. She soaks through her clothing, down her legs, making a complete mess of herself, right in front of her apprentice.

Who just keeps staring at her through all of it, even when she screams for him to look away, his eyes wide like it’s the most fascinating sight in the world. Clair knows that this is probably the end of everything, that he will make fun of her and decide she isn’t worth the time and has nothing to teach him, and she’s sure that her allegedly perfect cousin has never humiliated himself like this before, that he would always-

She is so caught up in her thoughts that she is taken completely by surprise by the rough kiss from her apprentice, pushing close enough to her, grinding against her in a way that she knows will get him wet as well, and Clair has no idea what’s going on anymore. Even when he breaks the kiss and she slaps him for being so forward, before pulling him into another kiss, she has no idea what’s going on. But she at least has a feeling that he isn’t going to be quitting any time soon.

Bea, desperation and wetting

Bea can excuse this by claiming that it is all part of endurance training. She has nothing to worry about with having to explain herself anyway, since this part of her training is one that she always does in complete solitude, but she feels the need to explain it to herself sometimes, just to clear up why it is so important to her that she neglects her body’s needs while training.

Endurance training, she continues to tell herself. She is doing this because she needs to build up her endurance, because the strength of her bladder is just as important as anything else when it comes to determining her true strength. In battles, she will not have the opportunity to call for a break and excuse herself whenever she wants to, and that is why, whenever she trains alone, she keeps herself more hydrated than necessary, and never takes a single break, not even once she has grown so desperate that she can hardly stand up straight.

After a certain point, doing anything else becomes impossible. Each movement, no matter how slight, feels like torture, jostling her bladder so much that each time it threatens to spill over, and even then, knowing that she has pushed herself to her limits, she does not give in, determined to push herself a little bit further, determined to see it through to the end.

It has nothing to do with enjoying this feeling of fullness, or enjoying the loss of control that always inevitable occurs, because she always tells herself that she can wait just a little bit longer, even when she knows that she can’t. That is why she only ever does thi alone, after all- to make sure that nobody ever sees her in such a shameful state.

And that is exactly why she does the training, as well. She wants to make sure that she is always able to withstand every battle, no matter how difficult it may become. This is a necessary part of her training, not something that she does for fun, because she enjoys how it feels.

The ache is persistent, and she bites her lips, looking around even though she knows that no one is there, before she pushes a hand between her legs, giving up on the rest of her training as she focuses on this fight. Bea is near her breaking point, shifting her weight from foot to foot, blinking back tears, and still refusing herself a break, still pushing herself just a little bit harder.

Each time, she lasts longer than the time before, and she is careful enough to make sure that she never ends up more desperate than this in any battle, honestly never even getting close to this point. But even so, she considers this part of her training necessary, because there is no way to determine what situation she may find herself in in the future.

It is just a part of her endurance training, and she definitely doesn’t do it because she loves how it feels to finally lose control and surrender, soaking her uniform and her legs, her bare feet left to stand in a puddle of her own making. It’s just part of her training.

Grimsley x Shauntal, Grimsley challenges Shauntal to hold throughout their date day, ending in public humiliation for her

She was never going to make it for the entire day, and he knew it when he challenged her. They both knew it, and still he brought it up and still she agreed to it, even knowing that there was absolutely no chance at success. Even if there were, Shauntal is pretty certain that he would have found some way to turn it around on her.

As it is, Grimsley has planned it all out perfectly to make sure that things go his way, probably had it all in mind long before he brought it up so casually, like he had just thought of it that moment. Even then, it seemed to perfect and too planned, but Shauntal said she could do it, that she could try, and that was just this morning.

She’s not allowed to piss all day, and not allowed to do anything to make that any easier on herself. Though he isn’t doing anything too cruel, like forcing liquids down her throat at every opportunity, he also isn’t allowing her to cheat by dehydrating herself throughout this very long date.

From the moment they left, after she’d agreed to this impossible challenge and had her last visit to the bathroom before she was banned, she’d known it would come to this. All day, the urge has steadily grown, hitting her a bit harder midway through the day, growing more rapidly from there, telling her for certain that she would not make it out of this dry.

And everything they do is so damn public, with no sign of returning home any time soon. He always seems to pull some new plan out, something else for them to do while her legs steadily grow shakier, while it becomes harder for her to keep her mind focused, her bladder full and aching, sometimes demanding all of her attention just to keep herself under control.

It is getting later, and still he does not relent, but promises her that after dinner, they will be done for the day. She knows that this is going to end with her pissing herself one way or another, but the promise of returning to privacy after dinner keeps her going, and gives her false hope in spite of the torrent she is struggling to hold back.

The setting for dinner is perfectly romantic and perfectly public, proving that he has pulled all the stops out to make this night both breathtaking and overwhelmingly humiliating. No matter how she fights it, her resolve will not hold up, and her knees buckle and she whimpers, trying even though it is pointless now.

And he knows it, too. He knows it and he puts his arm around her, pulling her back against him where only she can hear his low laugh, while everyone else can hear her sudden squeal, ensuring that all eyes are on her the moment that it happens.

Throughout the humiliation of having so many eyes on her while she pisses herself, there is the slight comfort that comes from reminding herself that she knew this would happen, and, even more than that, the excitement that they both knew would come from her public humiliation.

Now, it looks like dinner is going to have to wait.

Cyrus x Dawn, Dawn pisses herself in front of Cyrus before asking him to piss on her

Dawn has let herself suffer enough all day for this, hoping that this will be able to get some sort of reaction out of Cyrus. Things with him are great, no question about that, but when it comes to certain aspects of their relationship, there are definitely things she would say could be improved, and when it comes to her humiliation kink, she knows that there is room for improvement.

Cyrus at least knows that she likes it, so that is why she goes the entire day without peeing, suffering through the pain of her bursting bladder in the hopes that seeing her lose control in front of him will lead to him mocking and degrading her, feeding into her humiliation, just the way she wants him to. But as she begins to show more signs of her desperation, he doesn’t even comment, not even when her squirming becomes obvious.

By now, he should have at least asked if something was wrong, but she might be expecting too much of Cyrus. At the very least, she is confident that he will understand what she’s doing when the moment finally comes, and she continues struggling against her pressing need until then. She struggles until she is blinking back tears, until she knows that she can’t hope to last, until she is doubled over in front of him, her hands pushing her skirt up as she jams them between her legs, and then, finally, there is nothing she can do to hold it back anymore.

Cyrus stares at her, his expression unreadable, as Dawn pisses her, soaking through her panties, the streams running down her legs before puddling on the floor, and she whimpers and makes a show of being humiliated, just waiting for him to say something about it. She still aches when it’s done, sore from holding for so long, and she looks up at him, trying to read his reaction.

But when Cyrus does speak, he just asks, “Are you alright?” in his usual, dull tone of voice, with perhaps a little bit of concern hidden behind it. Even now, he’s so damn dense that Dawn doesn’t know what she’s going to do with him.

“I’d be a lot better ,” she huffs, “if you’d degrade me for it.”

“Oh, was that for…” He trails off without finishing his sentence, getting it, but not actually getting it .

“Piss on me,” she says bluntly, well past the point of being subtle. There is no being subtle with Cyrus, who must be trying but never really understands, and if Dawn is going to get degraded today, she is going to have to take matters into her own hands.

“You want me to piss on you?”

“ Yes ,” she begs him. “That’ll be plenty degrading enough, if you make a mess of me because I’ve already made enough of a mess of myself.”

Cyrus doesn’t say anything else then, going along with it like he’s going through the motions, but Dawn doesn’t mind. She simply gets on her knees so that her dense, bland boyfriend can soak her from top to bottom, satisfying her needs at last. She loves him, no question about it, but she has to admit that he is going to take a lot of work.

Morty x Reader, you want to watch Morty wet himself

You can see that he is starting to fidget, starting to get more nervous about this. The Morty that you are used to always seems so calm and collected, so smooth and well put together, that seeing this side of him is a rare treat. The fact that he was even willing to go along with it at all was a bit of a surprise, but there must be at least a small part of him that is curious about this interest of yours, or maybe he is as interested as you are, even if he does not let onto it.

But now he is standing in front of you, stiff and uncomfortable, his bladder no doubt so full now that he can hardly stand it. And all he can do is wait it out, while you stand by and watch eagerly, drinking in his every little move, every small sign that indicates that he is not holding out very well, that he is just moments away from finally losing control. You want to see him piss himself, you want to see just how well his light pants show it. Embarrassingly enough, that was one of your first impressions of him, long before you got to know him well enough to ask him to do something like that for you.

But, from the start, you have had an interest in seeing Morty piss himself, and now, he bites his lip and groans under his breath, and you know that that fantasy is finally about to come to life. His groans and fidgets are enough to leave you so excited that you can hardly stand it, and when he presses his thighs together, clenching his fists at his side, you feel as if your heart might jump out of your chest at any moment.

When it happens, it starts out very slowly, a sudden and small wet spot appearing, as Morty hisses and doubles down on trying to hold back. However, he is at his limit now, and so there is nothing he can do to stop it from growing and growing, expanding outward until finally, he loses control completely. Your eyes widen, eagerly drinking in the site of Morty soaking himself, his pants soon soaking through, the stream running down one of his legs until there is a puddle forming beneath him, and all of his tension seems to melt away, as he hangs his shoulders, relaxing and sighing in his relief.

“Was that everything you were dreaming about?” he asks you playfully, and you blush, biting your lip as you nod. “Wasn’t there something else you mentioned doing after this? You know, I’m not going to stop you if you still want to do that.”

Flustered by encouraged by his words, you get on your knees in front of him, so that you can suck at the crotch of his soaked pants, the sharp taste of his piss filling your mouth. All the while, Morty gently pats you on the head.

Mina x Reader, Mina is using you as a model and doesn't want to stop working until she is done

Mina has been fidgeting for a while, but whenever you try to ask if she needs a break, she just shushes you, telling you to try and keep as still as possible, and not to distract her. You know that this is getting bad for her, but she really wants to finish this, and is determined to do so, not wanting to even entertain the idea of taking a break. Nothing that you can say to her will be enough to persuade her, not when she gets serious like this. Though she is ordinarily laid back, she becomes like a different person when it comes to art.

But you know that she is struggling quite a bit right now, and you know that it will not be much longer before she does not have a chance. She is making it pretty obvious, with all of her fidgety movements, that she is rather desperate to pee, and you are certain that this has been building the entire time that you have been posed for her. The piece should be nearly done by now, so you can understand her not wanting to stop just yet, but at the same time, you just can’t see how she expects to make it through this. Mina is in bad shape now, but because she will not listen to you, it is unlikely that you will be able to convince her to take the short break needed to take care of this.

“Almost…done,” she says, more to herself than to you. She is trying to reassure herself, trying to convince herself that she can hold on just a little bit longer, even though it is obvious that she is right there at her limit. Mina is not going to make it, there is simply no way, but even so, she keeps working until the end, her thighs pressed tightly together, completely unable to hold still, no matter how hard she may try to hide it from you.

Finally, she puts the finishing touches on it, saying, “Okay, you can move now. I’ve got everything that I need…so you can just…do whatever you want, I’m just going to…” Shakily, she tries to stand up, but as soon as she is on her feet, her legs snap together again, and she whimpers, a pathetic sound that shows just how close she really is to losing control.

“Are you alri-” Your question is cut short as Mina suddenly gasps, a hand shooting between her legs. But it isn’t enough, and you watch as a dark patch spreads on her jeans, growing and growing until it is running down her legs. She stares down, watching in shock as she completely soaks herself, all of her best efforts to hold it counting for nothing in the end. Neither one of you can do anything but watch the mess that she makes grow and grow, puddling at her feet, until finally, it slows to a stop. Exhausted, Mina falls to her knees.

Jill x Lethe, Jill pisses herself in front of her girlfriend and is completely humiliated, but Lethe thinks it's normal and pisses n her in return

Trying to get away from Lethe after the battle proves to be difficult when Jill doesn’t want to admit why she needs to get away, and therefore has no excuse to get her girlfriend to leave her alone. Their relationship is already such an unusual one, built in spite of all of their differences, and the last thing she wants to do is outright tell Lethe to go away without giving her a good reason to, because then she might misunderstand entirely.

And she has a good enough reason to tell Lethe to leave her alone, to not follow after her where she’s going, but she doesn’t want to just come out and say that she has to pee. It would be much easier for her if she would, because she’s been fighting this need throughout the entire battle, and is honestly at her breaking point, but there is something so humiliating about that that she just can’t bring herself to do it.

But she isn’t going to last like this, and already, she’s struggling to walk. She bites her lip, pressing her thighs together, trying to will herself to just say it , but she can’t. She can’t, and it’s already too late for her, and she’s frozen in place now, a reflexive hand between her legs too late to stop the sudden torrent. Lethe stops when she does, opening her mouth to ask what’s wrong, only to stop short as she realizes that Jill is pissing herself, right in front of her.

“I-I…” she starts, but she doesn’t have any explanation for herself. And still Lete watches her, raising a brow instead of looking away.

“I thought you beorc kept that sort of thing private,” Lethe says. “Or are you trying to make me feel more at home?”

“What?” Jill blinks at her, the meaning of her words soaking in slowly. Of course, Lethe must know that it wasn’t intentional and that she would have preferred to keep it to herself, but instead, she pretends to be clueless. And, of course, for her kind it must be normal, so she’s letting Jill in on this in order to let her know that she has nothing to worry about.

“You know,” Lethe continues, “it’s better if you try to avoid getting your clothes wet, like this…” She trails off as she shows Jill what she means, not seeming to worry about if they are far enough away from the group to expose herself. Really, an example isn’t needed, and Jill wants to tell her this, but then Lethe has pressed up against her, and she jolts.

“Careful, you’re going to get-”

“Since you're already wet, a little more won’t hurt,” Lethe interrupts her, and Jill feels a warmth spreading along her leg, where Lethe has pressed against her.. Her eyes widen as she realizes what’s happening, that Lethe is pising on her, and what’s more, she doesn’t actually mind it. Not at all, actually, at least judging by the way her body temperature and pulse pick up, and how quickly she forgets her own humiliation in favor of this new excitement.

Gerome x Nah, Nah is humiliated after wetting herself in front of Gerome, and he decides to make her feel better by pissing inside of her, or something.

Gerome has noticed Nah whimpering for a while now, but every time he asks her if there is anything wrong, she denies it, and tries to redirect his attention. They’ve been out for a while now, so he can’t help but wonder if there is something bothering her, but as for what it is, he has no idea. As long as she won’t tell him, he simply has to take what she says at face value, even though he is fairly certain that there is more that she is not letting onto.

Her outward symptoms become more noticeable as they go on, until he can tell that even walking seems uncomfortable for her. Even now, Nah insists that she’s fine, and she continues to insist that she’s fine when she is doubled over, her hands pressed against the front of her dress, with tears welling up in her eyes. The last thing she does is beg Gerome not to look at her, but since he has no idea what’s going on- or, he does, but it’s so unbelievable that it’s hard to process- he does not look away.

Before long, it becomes obvious what the problem has been, and Nah sniffs and continues to protest while she pisses herself, but Gerome still can’t look away. Her dress is darkened and soaked through where she has her hand pressing it against her, and he can see the liquid running down her legs. Nah is absolutely distraught, and he knows that he needs to do something to make her feel better, and quickly.

“Here,” he says, grabbing hold of her.

“What are you doing?” she snaps through her tears, struggling in his arms. “You’re going to get wet, let go of me!”

“It’s alright,” he replies, probably sounding much too stiff. “Just let me help you.”

Nah only protests a bit as he peels off her wet panties, and though she is confused when he sits down, pulling her onto his lap, she still goes along with it, beginning to calm down and trust him. But when he pushes his cock inside of her, her eyes widen and she gasps as she asks, “What are you-”

They have been out for a long time together, and it was only natural that she get so desperate she couldn’t hold back anymore. Truth be told, his bladder has been nagging at him for a bit now too, and like this, he is sure that he can make Nah feel better about things. Buried inside of her, he sighs softly as he relaxes, and she squirms on top of him until she feels what he is doing, going still in her surprise, surprised even more by the way she moans at the sensation.

“Just what do you think you’re doing ?” she asks, once she has regained her composure enough to speak.

“I’m trying to make you feel better,” he replies, as if it makes perfect sense. To him, it does, but Nah does not seem to get it.

A/N: That's all I have so far, but I'll update whenever I have a couple to keep in a thread. Otherwise, check out my twitter @WattStalf to know when I'm doing streams or prompt events!

*001*2020-10-10 15:26

A/N: I haven't had a lot of omo themed prompts lately, but here is what I've got!

CCS- Sakura desperation and wetting with implied Syaoran wetting

Sakura is doing her best to wait until class is over, but she is to the point that she is not sure if her best is actually good enough. She has no idea how it has gotten so bad, so quickly; during her last break, she did not feel like she had to go at all, and now she is absolutely bursting, so desperate to pee that she is not sure if she can make it until the lecture is over. If she asks to go to the bathroom now, she already knows that she will be told no, and that she can wait until the next break, and then everyone in the class will know that she is bursting to pee, and everyone will be watching her, waiting to see what happens.

Or, at the very least, she will feel like they are, and that will only make it that much more difficult for her to hold back. She knows that she needs to focus on her lessons, but she can’t right now; the only thing that she can focus on is making sure that she does not wet herself, that she is able to hold it until the end. Her bladder aches and throbs, and she is past the point of being able to sit still, of being able to pretend that she can ignore the way her bladder protests each second spent sitting at her desk and not making her way to the bathroom.

Sakura bites her lip, blinking back tears. How did it get to be this bad? Why does she feel like she will not be able to make it, even though she should be able to hold it as long as she needs to? She rubs her thighs together, squeezing her legs tight against each other to try and hold back, but nothing feels like it helps. It is hard to both hold it and to keep it from becoming obvious, and she knows that she is going to have to choose between those two, or else things are going to get really bad for her.

Finally, she swallows her pride enough to press her hands into her lap, holding herself as she rocks back and forth in her desk. Her face is flushed from the strain of holding it, and time seems to pass even slower than usual, until she feels a spurt escape, soaking into her panties. Now fully panicked, she can only watch the clock, praying for time to move faster, so that she can make it.

But she can’t make it. Before long, there is nothing she can do about it, and she feels another spurt escape, and then another, until it is a full torrent, until she is wetting herself full force, soaking through her panties and her skirt, onto the chair beneath her, until it spills over, splattering on the floor, all eyes on her. Everyone seems to notice that she is wetting herself in the middle of class, and she is ready to give in and cry, humiliated.

That is when she hears a voice- Syaoran piping up to say, “Um, sensei? I had an accident too…” Suddenly, attention is divided between the two of them, and he helps share in her humiliation.

Futaba Sakura x Reader, desperation and piss drinking

Futaba does not mind having you around just as long as you do not do anything to distract her. As long as you just sit quietly with her, you can spend as much time with her as you want to, and since all you really care about is getting to be close to her anyway, you do not mind being quiet while she plays her games, having her fun while you serve as an audience. This goes on for hours, and you find yourself entertained enough just watching her.

But as more time passes, you start to notice a change in her behavior, some obvious discomfort that causes her to mess up a few times. Nothing that she can’t easily recover from, but you can tell that she is frustrated by it. She becomes a lot more stiff and a lot less comfortable as time continues to pass, making it very obvious what the problem is. As you watch her squirm, you can’t help but take quite an interest in her predicament, biting the inside of your cheek to keep from commenting on it.

And still Futaba tries to ignore it, even when it gets to a point that she can’t sit still at all, bouncing constantly, jostling you so much that you would not be able to help noticing it, even if she were trying to hide it from you. Finally, unable to take it anymore, you speak up.

“If you need to pee and don’t want to stop playing, I can help you,” you say, deciding to just go all in.

“Just what do you mean by that?” she asks, without even looking at you. Even so, you can tell that she is flustered that she has been caught.

“Just use me,” you say, trying to sound casual. Even as you speak, you get up to kneel in front of her. “Just use my mouth, and that way you don’t have to get up.”

“You weirdo,” she mumbles, blushing and not able to look you in the eye. But she does not stop you as you pull her shorts and panties down, and she spreads her legs for you, scooting a bit off the couch so that you can kneel between them. With your mouth open, you lean up against her, and give a wave of your hand to let her know that you are ready.

And, without hesitating for a moment, she lets go. Despite her flustered state, despite her reservations, she holds nothing back as she pisses into your mouth, letting you eagerly drink it down. You moan a bit as you swallow what you can, though some spills over, dribbling down your chin. You do not mind the mess that you make, more than willing to clean it up when it is done, just glad that she was willing to let you do this.

And you are amazed at just how much she was holding back, especially at her small size. You wonder just how she managed this, wondering if she would have made it at all, even if she had gotten up. She definitely needed your help, and you were very glad to be able to give it.
