Gadget Mishaps (A Phil of the Future Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-05-10 19:24

A/N: I have mixed memories about this show, so I had to do some research to write this story. Hopefully, I still manage to do the characters justice.

Dealing with Pim's ridiculous pranks day in and day out was exhausting for Phil. He knew that it was something he should just adapt to, considering he would always be her older brother and she would always be...well, herself, but there were times when he was really driven out of his mind by her antics. And so, one day, he decided that it was payback time.

He knew of a gadget that, with the right amount of tinkering, would help him get the perfect revenge. All he had to do was fire it at Pim, and she would become victim to his fantastic plot. It was a rather simple plan, but he knew that it would be a huge blow to her ego, and that was all he was really after.

So, he got everything set up, and hoped for the best. He didn't really have a decent test subject, being unwilling to test it on himself, and so he could only pray that the first time would be the charm, or that she would not catch on if it wasn't.

He was posed and waiting for Pim to walk past his hiding spot, the gadget aimed and ready to fire. When at last his little sister walked by, completely unaware, he shot at her, hitting her in the back with a small beam that she took no notice of.

Now all he had to do was head for the bathroom and wait this one out.

~X~

Pim was sitting in her room, pursuing her usual hobby of plotting world domination, when she was hit by a very sudden and very strong urge to pee. She wondered for a moment where it had come from, but a sharp twinge in her bladder told her should wonder about it later. She had to pee now.

She stood up from her desk, another strong urge hitting her like a punch as she did so. It seemed to get exponentially worse by the second, and she hurried, each step incredibly painful on her bursting bladder. This was all too much, too soon. How had she gotten this desperate so quickly?

When she reached the bathroom, she groaned in frustration. Of course the door would be closed! She tried the knob just in case, but as she had expected, it was locked. She banged a fist on the door.

“Just a minute,” she heard her brother call from inside.

“I don't have a minute!” she snapped, but inside, she as panicking. She was on the verge of wetting herself, she realized, and that was not something she was willing to do at any time, much less right in front of her own bathroom. She banged on the door again.

“I said hold on,” Phil said calmly, and she wished that they were face to face so that she could punch him for that.

“I can't hold on,” she admitted, though she didn't want to. It was better than what was about to happen if he didn't open the door.

But he didn't. She crossed her legs and bounced her knees, but no matter what she did, it did not make waiting any easier. She could feel a leak escape into her panties and she pounded harder on the door with one hand while shoving the other between her legs, but still her brother refused to grant her entrance.

At last, it seemed her bladder had given up the fight, and though she gave it her all, a hot stream of pee began flowing out of her, puddling on the floor right in front of the bathroom door. She let out a growl of frustration, tears pricking at the corners of her eyes as she wet herself.

And just when she thought it couldn't get any worse, Phil opened the door, laughing in her face and flaunting some device in his hand, “Gotcha!”

Already, she began plotting her revenge.

~X~

After successfully managing to steal the gadget from Phil, it wasn't hard for her to figure out how it worked. All she had to do was zap someone with it and then they would be overcome with the uncontrollable urge to pee. If she could hit him with it, she would have her sweet, sweet vengeance.

But her revenge would be superior, because she was going to target him at a time where his humiliation would be even greater- she was going to target him while he was hanging out with Keely. If he wet himself in front of his friend and crush, he would learn once and for all not to mess with Pim.

She saw the two of them outside together, and sat at the window, ready to aim and fire. Neither were paying attention to her, talking about something unimportant, and she had her finger posed above the button, pressing down just as the unthinkable happened. Keely dropped something and Phil immediately bent to pick it up, Keely following and landing directly in Pim's tranjectory.

Long story short, she missed.

~X~

Keely had no idea why she had to pee so terribly all of the sudden. She had been fine while at school, and fine walking home with Phil, but not long after stopping in front of his house to talk for a bit, she was suddenly overcome with a desperate need that she felt she wouldn't be able to control for long.

“I...I'm sorry,” she said, trying to keep her voice steady. “But, I really should be heading home now.”

“Alright,” said Phil, looking a little confused. But she did not make any further excuses for herself, quickly setting off to get out of his line of sight.

When she was off of his street, she looked around to make sure that no one was watching before she grabbed herself. She was beyond humiliated to be doing such a thing, but she was so close to losing control that she really didn't have much of an option. Her bladder ached so terribly that it was hard to believe she had felt fine not ten minutes ago.

She bit her lip and whimpered, so desperate she could hardly breathe. It didn't make any sense, and she hoped that there was nothing wrong with her. But she could not worry about that too much when she had to put all her concentration into making it home as quickly as possible without incident. She was getting close, but she was also getting close to losing complete control, and had begun spurting in her panties periodically.

She could feel tears welling up at the pain of holding it, though she knew she preferred the pain to wetting herself. However, that was no longer something she could avoid, and she felt a warmth on her hand as she began to soak her jeans. She let out a small sob as she stopped, looking down to see the wet spot spreading and flowing down her legs. She could not believe that this was actually happening to her.

It did not take long for a puddle to form on the ground, but it did take surprisingly long for her bladder to empty. How on earth had she gotten that full and desperate in no time when she hadn't really had that much to drink?

Now she had to hope no one saw her as she finished her walk home, and she still had no idea what could have made her wet herself like this.

