Surrounded (A My Hero Academia Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-11-26 14:00

A/N: wrote this one a while back, italics got a little messed up cos I'm posting on mobile, but I hope it still reads alright. Friendly reminder that if you enjoyed this, I am open for commissions!

He’s not sure how they ended up in this situation. In fact, whenever Izuku really tries to think about it, he can’t remember anything before now, but for whatever reason, he doesn’t worry about that and just writes it off as him being caught up in the excitement of the moment. He and Katsuki are fighting side by side, and for once, it seems that they’re able to put their differences aside. His other classmates are around here somewhere, he thinks, but right now, it’s just him and Katsuki, fighting these villains that he doesn’t recognize, that he can’t pick out anything distinguishing about.

The fight isn’t really tough as much as it is tedious, and it seems that every time he or Katsuki manages to defeat someone, someone else comes close, blocking them in again and leaving them no openings to get to the rest of the group. Even so, this can’t go on forever, and neither of them have sustained much damage, so Izuku would be feeling pretty good about this, in most cases. In most cases, but today...today there is something distracting him, something that makes him really, reallywant to get this over with quickly.

The throbbing in his bladder is another thing that he’s not quite sure when it started, but he knows that it can’t be good. It’s been a long time since he’s needed to go this badly, and it’s never happened in the middle of something so important before. Perhaps they were caught off guard, or perhaps he was just careless, but either way, he doesn’t remember, and he knows that it doesn’t matter now. What matters is that he gets through this quickly, before it begins to impair him, before Katsuki catches on.

The last thing he needs is the other boy teasing him about being weak over something like this, and he’s sure that that’s what’s going to happen. With that in mind, he pushes it far from his thoughts, focusing solely on blasting his way through these enemies, praying that they will slow to a stop, or that help will come, eventually. However, it becomes harder to ignore as time goes on, and it isn’t long before he thinks that if he ignores it completely, he’ll risk wetting himself, risk losing control and not having a chance to regain it.

I really don’t want Kacchan to see me like that, he thinks, and he can just imagine all sorts of ways his childhood friend could mock him for something so humiliating. Of all the people in the world who could see him do that, Katsuki has to be in the top three of the worst, though he can’t quite figure out a ranking. Maybe he would be the worst, because he’d be so merciless, or because…

But there really isn’t any time to waste thinking about that, not when he has to worry about fighting and keeping his throbbing bladder in check. That’s a bit easier to push out of his mind, since he has a fair amount of practice, when it comes to ignoring that, and he puts everything he can into fighting- or, everything he spare, as he’s still fighting his own battle.

He doesn’t have a good fighting stance that allows him to squeeze his thighs together, so even though he’s absolutely bursting, he has to keep his feet planted apart and can only use internal muscles to try to hold back the flood, so to speak. When he can afford to bite his lip, he does, and sometimes when he forms a fist, he digs his nails just a little too deep into the palm of his hand, doing anything to distract himself from the pain in his lower stomach.

“You getting tired, Deku?” Katsuki suddenly asks him.

“H-huh? What do you mean?” he asks, thrown by the question. “I feel great!”

“I dunno, you seem pretty distracted over there. Are you already giving up?” he taunts. “Is the worthless Deku gonna leave all the bad guys to me?”

Even though Izuku knows this is just the regular teasing, that he doesn’t know about the real predicament, he is still mortified, as if Katsuki can see right through him. Squirming as he braces himself for his next attack, he mumbles, “That’s not it at all…”

“Wait, is there seriously something wrong?” There is still a look of determined concentration on Katsuki’s face, as he blasts bad guys away, but there is something in his eyes, if Izuku looks long enough. It’s almost as if he’s genuinely concerned. “Don’t you dare overwork yourself!”

Does Katsuki really care? Izuku doesn’t know what to make of things, but he’s starting to see an opening so he throws himself into the fight, punching his way through villain after villain. “It’s nothing, Kacchan!”

With one final explosion, Katsuki clears the path they need, but it seems as though there’s nobody else around. He steps closer, with a soft look on his face that Izuku has never seen before. “Don’t expect me to say this again,” he mutters, “but I don’t want you to hurt yourself.”

“K-Kacchan?” Is this really happening? Izuku’s bladder throbs to remind him that he’s got more important things to worry about, but it’s hard to think about any of that with Katsuki so close. Though he tries to keep those feelings out of his mind, it’s hard to ignore them like this.

“Stupid Deku,” Katsuki says softly, and he moves in closer and closer, like he’s really going to kiss him, and Izuku isn’t sure if he should panic or not, and then Katsuki’s lips are on his, when suddenly-

Suddenly, Katsuki is ripped away from him, and standing in his place is another villain, bigger and scarier, holding Katsuki back with one arm and braced to attack Izuku with the other, and he isn’t sure if he can react, if he can counter, and his legs are shaking, and there is a wet warmth, a burst of liquid soaking through his costume, and all he can think is, Not now, not in front of Kacchan!

Except everything feels kind of weird, and he’s laying down now, but he doesn’t remember being pushed, nor does he think the floor should feel this soft, and then his eyes fly open and he’s laying in his bed, completely safe. He’s completely safe, and none of that was real. The villains attacking him and Katsuki were a dream, and Katsuki kissing him...he blushes, touching a finger to his lips, because it felt so real, but it wasn’t. But when he shifts in his bed and feels how absolutely soaked the area around him is, he knows that one part of the dream was real.

Now he is truly mortified. He hasn’t wet the bed since he was a little kid, and he isn’t sure what brought this on. Sighing, he gets up slowly, knowing that he has to clean this all up, and as quickly as possible. There won’t be any way to completely keep it from his mom, but with any luck, she won’t say anything.

At the very least, cleanup temporarily distracts him from the fact that he dreamed about being kissed by Katsuki, and he liked it very much.

