Haunted House Across 2 Years (Original Fiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-11-22 21:01

A/N: A commission!

Every year at the school carnival, there is a haunted house style attraction, and every year, Bethany is always too afraid to go through it. Her friends have tried to talk her into it more than once, but she can never get up the nerve. Even knowing that nothing inside is real, she still knows that it would be too scary for her to handle, and that she would end up screaming her way through, making an utter fool of herself.

She just does not handle things that make her jump all that well, so each year, she has found her excuses to get out of it. This year, however, she wants to finally put her fears to rest, and prove that she can handle it. However, she does not want any of her friends to know about this, not until she has made it through. If she tells them about it and ends up having to duck out early because she is too afraid, she knows that she will never live it down, nor will she ever be able to get up the nerve to try again. Her only choice is to sneak off and get in line without any of her friends nearby, and then, if she succeeds, then she can tell them all about it after the fact.

Her plan seems flawless, or at least that is what she thinks, as she takes her place in line outside of the haunted house that has taunted her for so many years. However, it does not take long for her to start to have doubts, once she sees who it is that is also in line, stepping up right behind her to take her place.

Tori and Bethany have never gotten along, not for as long as the two have known each other, and though things have mellowed out as they have matured, the sour feelings are still there. Any time they are forced to be close together for too long, it never takes long for one of them, usually Tori, to try and instigate something. The last thing that Bethany wants is for Tori to be present for this, but if she were to get out of line now, the other girl would notice, and wouldn’t even let her live something as simple as that down. At least, Bethany can imagine the way that Tori would mock her for getting out of line, and that is enough to keep her right where she is, even though the other girl has not even acknowledged her so far.

The closer she gets to the front, the more aware she becomes of something else going on, something that she hopes that she will be able to ignore for her time in the haunted house. She needs to pee, and though it isn’t that bad yet, she knows it never bodes well to enter a scary scenario when there is anything weighing on one’s bladder. Still, she has already come this far. There is no way that she is going to back out, especially not when Tori would also be there to notice.

Instead, she just tries to push the need out of her mind as she waits her turn. Soon, she is at the front of the line, and it is her turn.

As she makes her way into the darkness of the haunted house, she is surprised by how realistic everything is, and is immediately impressed by the set designers, whoever they may be. This is not the sort of thing that she would have expected, and so, despite her fear, she is eager to see just what lies ahead, hoping that she will not get too freaked out along the way.

At the very least, she hopes that she will not be the only one screaming her way through the whole thing. She would prefer not to be so close to Tori, who naturally got grouped with her due to their proximity in the line, but there isn't anything she can do about that. By now, she has started to forget the fact that she needs to pee at all.

That is, until they hit a particularly creepy room, and her body reminds her all at once, with a sharp twinge that makes her gasp. She is so surprised by the pain that it causes her to jump, and she stumbles right into Tori. The two of them nearly fall, and it is only the other girl's quick reflexes that save them from going down, as she reaches out and grabs onto a support beam.

"Watch it, will you?" Tori hisses.

"Sorry, I...I think there was something in here," she replies. "Something moved. There was something in here!"

"You're being ridiculous," the other girl says. "That's literally the point of a haunted house, duh."

Bethany flushes, and tries to let that embarrassment role off of her. But then, she forgets about her bladder and the fact that she is still in a haunted house. One of the costumed actors jumps out to scare her, and that is it for her full bladder. Her terror forces her to reach her limit limit, and it gives out, just like that.

With a sharp cry, Bethany lets go, soaking her panties, and the denim shorts that she wears over them. The fabric of the pants turns dark and starts to sag, the urine streaming down her thighs and pooling in the hems.

Tori is the first to start mocking her, saying, "Did you really just pee your pants? Seriously?"

"I...I didn't mean to," she says, but her voice comes out as a squeak. She wants to die of shame, and that is all before the costumed actor who scared her begins to laugh. As she looks up at him, he pulls back his mask, and her eyes go wide. It's one of the guys from one of her classes.

"Bethany, did you really have to ruin the floor for us?" he asks. "You know we've got to clean up all of the messes people leave in here."

Just like that, she is getting laughed at by everyone around her, and Bethany is overwhelmed by her humiliation. She runs through the rest of the haunted house, not a bit concerned with any of the scares, just wanting to get away from people. All the while, she remembers Tori’s face in her mind, and the way the girl so openly mocked her.

~X~

Waiting in line behind Tori, Bethany is ready for her revenge. She has been waiting for this, and now, she’s going to make sure that Tori gets scared into wetting herself as well. It took some work to make sure that Tori would be desperate- primarily, getting a diuretic and finding a way to slip it to the girl- but now, all of that is going to pay off.

Tori is almost to the front of the line when she first realizes that she needs to pee, but she does not want to step out of line when she is so close. She doesn’t even think about the incident last year, involving the girl behind her, as she pushes her need to pee out of her mind.

By the time that she is actually at the entrance, her need is growing stronger. Now, she can think of nothing else, but there are already two other people ahead of her, and then the guy working the entrance, so she is not quite to the point of desperation just yet. Bethany can tell, though, just by watching the other girl. It is easy to pick up on, since she knows to look for it. She couldn't be happier, and can't wait for them to get deeper into the attraction, where Tori might get scared enough to lose control.

As they begin to progress through, Tori continues to try and distract herself, but her bladder continues to throb. Her hands are shoved in her pockets, her arms folded tight across her chest. She keeps shifting from foot to foot, trying not to squirm. She isn't quite dancing, but her movements are pretty noticeable, and her bladder is already so full. It has been a while since she has felt a need like this, and it is so hard not to get distracted by the urge to pee, no matter how much she tries to ignore it.

It has gotten a lot worse by the time that they get to the second room. That is when she really begins to struggle, her breath catching in her throat. She has no way of getting out of here now, but the longer that she spends waiting, the more obvious her desperation becomes. Bethany is right behind her, and can watch her suffering, but Tori does not have any idea that the girl is the cause of this. Not only that, but Bethany, unfortunately, realizes that she needs to pee as well. She isn't going to let the same thing happen to her as last year, especially not when she's getting her vengeance, so all she can do is ignore it, and pray that she holds out better than before.

Still, she is at least doing better than Tori, who is on the verge of wetting herself, one good scare away from losing all control.

The next room is just what Bethany needs to make sure that her revenge will go through. As the costumed actor leaps out at her, Bethany is so prepared for it that she is able to pretend that she was startled, while Tori yelps in surprise and, before the two girls know it, the front of her jeans are darkening, a growing wet patch visible, and the stream audible in the aftermath of the scare. Just like that, Tori is pissing her pants.

This is the scene that Bethany has been waiting for, and she could not have been more prepared for it. Tori, on the other hand, has no idea how to respond, and simply freezes in shock, unable to do anything as her bladder completely empties. When her mind finally catches up with her body, it is too late, and she is left standing there, in a puddle of her own urine. Just like that, Bethany has gotten her revenge.

The others in the room make fun of Tori, and she runs away, fleeing just as Bethany previously had. It feels good to get that revenge, of course, but now, Bethany needs to worry about her own problem. She needs to get out of here before she wets herself as well, and ends up back where she started. She sneaks off, following the same path she did the prior year after humiliating herself, and all the while, she fights her throbbing bladder.

It is not easy to get out of the attraction this way, but luckily, she is able to manage that. Already, it's dark outside, and she starts to try and find her way towards the bathroom. Unfortunately for her, she has to go so badly now that she can hardly walk straight. Bethany is desperate, and she can't stand to hold it for even a second longer.

When her bladder gives out, she has no way of stopping herself, and is helpless to stop her panties and shorts from getting soaked, urine running down her thighs and soaking her pants. It's a familiar feeling, one she had hoped to avoid again, but at least this time, she is somewhere alone outside, in the dark. Her pants are dark enough that, in this lighting, it really is not visible that she wet herself. So long as she is able to get home quickly, no one will find out what happened to her, not this time.

As for Tori, there is no way to get out of what has happened to her, no way to hide her shame. Now, she will be the one mocked for having an accident in the haunted house.

