Peecember 2020- Oops! All Pokemon - Page 2

Author: Zapp Renfro

*028*2020-12-18 14:50

A/N: Dawn day todayday

Dawn has always had an appreciation for nature. Traveling like this just gives her that much more of an appreciation for it, but today, the only thing that she can think is how much she really hates the woods. Not because of anything specific to do with being outside, or anything like that. Nature is problem just as lovely as any other time, but right now, she hates the woods because she is all turned around and lost, and she really needs to pee.

She knows that she can’t be that far away from the next town, which is why she is trying to hold on as long as she can. As much as she loves nature, she is still not too fond of having to pee outside, and she tries to avoid that whenever she can. Right now, it definitely seems like something avoidable, so she is going to keep trying to hold it for as long as she can, until she reaches the next town, where she can find a nice, clean Pokemon Center to empty her bladder at.

Until then, she just needs to figure out this stupid map and get out of here, while trying to ignore the way her bladder begs to be emptied now, instead of waiting for the Pokemon Center. It would be a lot easier to focus if she just did that, she knows, but she is so sick of having to make sure she is far enough off the path before she finds a bush to squat in. It is bad enough to do that when she is far away from civilization, so she really does not want to have to do it when she should be in town by now, and would be, if she weren’t so lost.

Just a little bit longer, she keeps promising herself. She thinks she has the situation figured out now, so she just needs to follow the path, and everything is going to be okay. Maybe she got a so turned around that she might as well have started the whole trek over again, but at least she knows that she is on the right track now, which means that she is not that far away from relief at all.

So she just needs to hold it until then, which should not be a problem at all. Her bladder is absolutely aching, and every step seems to overwhelm her, but this will not be a problem. She just has to keep holding on, just like she has so far, and she knows for a fact that she is going to make it. Even so, she really regrets trying to stay so hydrated on the road, because now she is in this tight spot because of it. If only she had held back a little bit on the water, but she has read so much about always keeping her fluid levels just right…

Thinking about that really does not help her at all, though. In fact, thinking about fluids at all just makes her feel like she is getting a lot closer to losing it, but she needs to worry about getting closer to town. She can see a break in the trees in the distance, so she knows at last that she really is going the right way, which means that she really is almost there. With her bladder nearly at its breaking point, she has never been so excited to get to a Pokemon Center in her life.

Gritting her teeth, she looks around to make sure that there is no one else around her, but the forest has seemed fairly devoid of humans for a while now. As humiliating as it may be, it helps a lot to put her hand between her legs, even though that pushes her short skirt up so much that she shows her panties. But as long as no one else is around to see it, she can’t bring herself to stop, wanting to do what she can to make sure that she definitely makes it to her destination dry. Once she gets to the edge of the forest, she will drop her hand and go on as normal.

That is a lot easier said than done, she realizes, and it takes her a moment to be able to pry her hand away. Dawn is really glad that there is no one around to see her while she squeezes herself, just over her panties, trying to get herself under control before removing her hand so that she can start walking again. She is really at her limit now, with her panties just slightly damp from a few leaks that she absolutely was not able to stop, no matter how hard she tried.

Now all of her troubles are at an end though. She is on the outskirts of town now, and she can see a Pokemon Center not too far in the distance. Just a little bit longer, and she will enter the building and there will a nice, public bathroom waiting for her. Dawn can hardly wait- literally, because her bladder feels like it could burst. She does not let anything slow her down as she walks forward, in the fastest pace that she can manage in her current state.

And she is so focused on her destination, so focused on not losing control while forced to walk without her hands between her legs, that she is not paying attention to the rest of her surroundings at all. Which is why, when someone rounds the corner, in such a hurry that they do not see her coming either, she runs right into them with a thud, and both of them fall back, hitting the ground.

“Ow, what was that for?!” a familiar voice cries out, but Dawn barely notices who it is, because she is much more focus on what is happening to her. Horrified, she looks down at where she sits on the ground. Her legs are spread, her skirt hiked up, and Barry looks to her, his expression quickly turning to one of shock as his face goes bright red.

He watches at the same time that she does, as her light pink panties turn a lot darker, her bladder unable to take this much strain anymore. She wails in humiliation, as she soaks all the way through them, and as a puddle begins to form beneath her. It feels so good to finally empty her bladder, but she never wanted it to happen like this, not before she made it to the bathroom, and especially not in front of her childhood friend.

“Dawn?” he asks, his voice a little strained. He finally looks away from her, still blushing furiously. “Are you…are you alright?”

“No, I’m not!” she whines. “You bumped into me and made me…made me…I’m fining you for that!”

Barry has no idea how to reply to that, not used to having the tables turned in that way, and even less used to the way seeing Dawn like this makes him feel.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*030*2020-12-19 16:48

A/N: Sun Day on a Saturday

This trial is taking such a long time. And, truth be told, Sun has felt that way about the other three he has faced so far, and maybe Mallow’s is not all that different from those, but right now, it really feels like this is the longest one he has done, and he knows that is entirely due to the rapidly growing pressure in his bladder. He really wants to hand over the last ingredient so he can get the battle over with, and then he can find somewhere to pee.

The worst part is that he is outside, in the jungle, where he would ordinarily have no issue just going. It feels like he has done nothing but pee outside since he started on this journey, and he knows Mallow is still waiting right where he left her. Except…what if she isn’t? What if she forgot something important and comes to tell him and catches him in the act, and gets mad at him for doing something like that in the middle of the Lush Jungle? Then he will have to admit to her that he didn’t think he could hold it long enough to go to an actual bathroom, and she will think that he’s pathetic.

And he would rather avoid that, considering how cute she is. She is a little bit older than him, enough so that he knows he has to do everything in his power to impress her in other ways, to make up for the age difference. Not holding it until the end of his trial does not seem like it would help him much there, so even though the rational part of him knows that there is probably no risk, that does not stop him from trying to ignore the way his bladder jostles with the hectic motions of this Stoutland, hoping that he really can hold it until the end.

To make matters worse, it seems that he runs into wild Pokemon every time that he gets near one of the ingredients that he needs, and he is not able to get away from them, prolonging things with battle after battle, until it has gone on for so long that he really is starting to doubt his ability to make it until the end. And this is before he has even gotten close to battling the totem Pokemon.

Maybe when he gives Mallow the ingredients, he can ask for a bathroom break before they get to cooking. Oh, but that would just make him look pathetic, wouldn’t it? And she might not even let him, she might say that he has to stay on the trial site until the end, and then he will have humiliated himself by asking for nothing. No matter how he looks at it, holding it is his only option.

But he really is tossed around so much up here that it is a wonder his shorts are still dry at all. Sun has not had to pee this badly in a while, even since he journey began. He should have gone before coming all the way out here, but he did not think about it, rushing in and out of the Pokemon Center after healing up and stocking up on supplies, eager to finish his last trial so that he can challenge the kahuna. And he was eager to do this trial in particular because he wanted the chance to see Mallow again…

“Okay, I think that’s everything,” he says to himself, sighing in relief. Not the relief he needs, though, as there is still a bit of a wait before he gets that. Stoutland still jostles him too much, and by the time he is back with Mallow, dismounting the large Pokemon, his legs are trembling a bit, and he tries to pretend that is because he is still getting his footing after the bumpy ride.

She tells him that she has invited some friends with the rest of the ingredients, and then Lana and Kiawe join them, and all four of them are supposed to work on the recipe. Sun can’t focus on anything that she says, and each time another ingredient splashes down into the pot, it makes his knees buckle. His shorts might be a little damp now, and he fights with all he has to keep it at that, rather than letting it go any further.

“Now, we need to stir it!” Mallow says, so cute when she gets this excited about cooking, but Sun can’t even appreciate that. He tries to get into things, he really does, but his bladder is taking all of his attention, and he needs to get out of here, because he definitely won’t be able to hold it until throughout a battle with another totem Pokemon, he knows that he won’t.

He needs to-

He needs to-

No matter what he does, it is already too late. He gasps out suddenly, and then all eyes are on him. Kiawe and Lana look to him with concern, but it is Mallow’s gaze that he worries the most about, as his knees buckle, and his hand shoots between his legs, but all for nothing. Sun can’t stop his bladder from giving out, and the three of them watch in shocked silence as he wets himself right in front of them.

“I’m…I’m really sorry,” he mumbles, once he realizes that he is not able to stop it and will just have to let it all out. “The trial was…it went on a while, and I didn’t…I couldn’t…”

“Oh, no, are you alright?” Mallow asks, stepping a bit closer to check on him. Sun does not tell her that, in fact, he is not alright, because he would have rather died than have her see him like this. “Why didn’t you just go while you were in the jungle? That’s what I would have done.”

“I…” he starts, but he can’t think of anything to say. That’s what she would have done? So he worried about that for nothing? But before he even can think of anything to say, their attention is stolen by a new guest at the party.

Sun has to battle the totem Pokemon now, regardless of how wet his shorts may be.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*032*2020-12-20 14:42

A/N: Jasmine crushin on Bruno

Jasmine and Bruno have been training together for some time now, but she is always amazed that a member of the Elite Four would take so much time to work with her. Especially when it benefits her more, because it helps her work with her beloved Steel types, to make sure that they grow stronger and stronger, strong enough to even stand up against hits from a Fighting type. Bruno, on the other hand, should see their training as a breeze, but he claims that her constant improvement serves as a constant challenge, one that he strives to work around.

Essentially, they keep each other on their toes, even if they make a bit of an odd pair. Jasmine loves to train with him, working as hard as she can to impress the imposing man, who is really quite nice, now that she has taken the time to get to know him. Though she is not sure if she will ever have the nerve to admit it, she likes him as a lot more than just a training partner, and her desire to impress him is part of what drives her to improve so much.

It is also what keeps her from admitting when she needs to take a break, though.

Their training sessions can go on for a while, and though she does her best to be prepared for that, it seems like she always ends up in this same position, toes curled in her shoes, teeth grit whenever she has her mouth closed, hands trembling a bit, in a way that she hopes that he will not notice. All of this because, no matter how she tries to avoid it, their training sessions always go on long enough that she ends up needing to pee, and by the time they are done for the day, she usually ends up incredibly desperate.

Today is no exception; if anything, today feels even worse than usual, and she feels like they have been at it for even longer, long enough to push her to the point that she might actually have to ask for a break, as much as she hates the idea of that. Though the rational part of her brain knows Bruno would not think less of her for something like that, and that she has nothing to worry about, she is still too shy about it to actually say anything, and still tries to wait until the end, no matter how her bladder may protest this.

He would not think any less of her, but she still wants to do everything she can to impress him, and making it through their entire training session without any breaks always seems to do the trick. Bruno is a very intense man, and this can go on for a long time, which is why she chooses to just fight against her need to pee, as it continues to grow and grow, until she is barely able to focus on anything else.

Bruno definitely notices that she is distracted, which is super embarrassing. It has never gotten this bad before, and all she can do is brush it off, saying, “I’m just a little tired, but don’t worry! Let’s keeping going until we’re done!” With how good they have gotten at countering each other and predicting moves in battle, it just makes their sparring last that much longer, and her knees are soon knocking as she tries to think of anything other than the way her bladder aches, with its contests bursting to get out.

Her eyes widen when a small drop slips past her defenses. It is completely absorbed by her panties, and she knows that her dress will conceal it even if her panties become soaked, but if too much gets past, he is going to notice it all running down her legs. Only now does she really come to terms with the fact that, if she lets this go on for too long, she really could end up wetting herself, right in front of him. That would be worse than anything else she could imagine, so she wills herself to speak up.

“After this, can we take a break?”

“After this, we should be done!” Bruno replies, which makes her feel a lot better. Okay, she has nothing to worry about. They are nearly done with their training, just one Pokemon left for each of them, to determine who the winner is today. Then she can make her excuses and hurry off, and not humiliate herself in front of Bruno.

She keeps leaking, even though she does her best to stop it, keeping her thighs pressed tight together. Before long, she knows that her panties are soaked through, that it will not be long before the dam breaks, whether she wants it to or not. But then their battle is over, and even though she loses, Bruno compliments her on how much she has improved, and she wants to listen to him, but she can’t afford to wait a moment longer.

“I’ll be right back, I just, I just…” Mid-sentence, she trails off, because she tries to take a step and is forced to stop. She is forced to stop and stand completely still because even the slightest movement upsets the balance she has, and causes another jet of urine to fill her already soaked panties.

And then another escapes, even though she has not moved at all, and she realizes that she has pushed it right up until the last minute, and that there is nothing that she can do to stop this from happening, nothing she can do to stop it from running down her legs, while Bruno tries to figure out what’s wrong, only to fall silent as soon as he notices the little streams, growing by the moment, streaking down to the ground.

Once she has starting peeing full force, the only thing she can do is hang her head in her misery. She mumbles something to him, not sure how else to explain herself, as she says, “I just wanted to…I thought I’d be fine until the end, I was just trying to…trying to be strong.”

Bruno still seems at a loss for words, at least, until her bladder is finally empty, her stream having slowed to a stop at last. “But, Jasmine…you are strong, you’re always very strong, and you get stronger all the time!” he insists, which is not what she was expecting. She thought he might scold her for pushing herself this far, and instead, he steps closer, taking her hands in his- and hers feel so tiny in comparison- as he looks at her with such an earnest expression on his face.

Perhaps things are not that bad, then? She honestly has no idea what to think right now, and the humiliation of her accident combined with the embarrassment of having him so close to her leaves her face burning and her head swimming. It might take her a little while to actually figure all of this out.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*033*2020-12-21 14:17

A/N: Hop time

Hop is trying to move as quickly as he can, in the hopes that he can make it to the Pokemon Center before he is forced to give up on that little goal. He is so close to civilization that there are plenty of other trainers around, so he would have to turn back and go quite a ways to get the privacy he needs to do this outside. That is why he is more focused on moving forward, to somewhere that he can stock up for his next gym battle, and also empty his aching bladder, which is getting worse by the second.

Fortunately, he is right where he needs to be, crossing into the next town right on schedule, and ready to hunt for the Pokemon Center. He is distracted immediately, though, because he spots a familiar face, and flags her down as he runs forward, shouting, “Gloria! Gloria!”

He can’t help but get excited whenever he sees her, and he is always excited to be able to run into her on the road. The two of them have been inseparable for so long that it is weird being apart on their journey. Plus, she’s his rival, so he has to challenge her whenever he has the chance.

“How about a battle? Let’s see how far my greatest rival has come!” he cries, as soon as he is in earshot.

Gloria laughs a bit, as she often does when he gets excited, and replies, “You’re on!”

A sharp twinge from his bladder reminds him that this is not actually the best time for that. “Oh, but not right now, though! Maybe later, after…” For some reason, the idea of admitting to her that he needs to pee first is too embarrassing, even though they have known each other since they were small.

She looks surprised. “What? No way, you just flagged me down and challenged me! I was about to head over to the gym, and I’m out of here once that’s over.” She says it with the confidence that she is going to win, but with how far she has come so far, he doesn’t doubt that. “Let’s do it right now!”

“But, Gloria…”

“You challenged me, so now you gotta make good on that!” she teases him, and he knows that the only way he is getting out of this is if he tells her that he’s just going to the bathroom first. Which he doesn’t want to do, because it’s really embarrassing, so he decides he can hold it a little bit longer.

“Fine, fine, let’s go!” he agrees, and they get their battle started. Gloria is getting better all the time, often leaving him worried that he is being left behind, but right now, he is far more worried about the state of his bladder. Even though they have only just started, he’s already starting to think that this might not have been such a good idea after all.

Gloria is good, and always beats him, but he never makes it easy for her, which makes this last quite a while. Hop starts trembling a bit, as he tries his best to keep his mind off of how badly he needs to pee, while he does his best to give Gloria a run for her money, wondering if he actually stands a chance of beating her this time. He just can’t keep his mind off his desperation though, no matter how hard he tries.

And then he remembers the worst part of it all, something he should have remembered from the start, rather than acting on impulse. Inteleon.

Both of the Pokemon that Lee gave them have reached their final stages recently, and Inteleon has been a pain to deal with even since he was a Sobble, what with Hop having taken Scorbunny along with him. He would already be concerned for Cinderace, but right now, he is a little more concerned for himself. Can he really take all of the sprays of water right now? Already, he can hardly hold still, and that might end up being way too much for him. Except he can’t exactly call for a timeout in the middle of a battle, and the only thing he can do is try and see this through to the end, wondering why Gloria has not notice his embarrassing desperation by now.

After all, he can’t hold still at all, and once Inteleon is out, that only makes it that much harder for him. He isn’t going to make it, not at this rate, and Gloria is just acting like nothing unusual is going on, while he squirms and can barely call out moves to Cinderace, because he is so close to fully wetting himself, right there in front of her, in the middle of the battle.

And then he does.

Just like that, he suddenly loses all focus on everything else, and Inteleon lands the final blow on Cinderace, and he can’t even worry about it, and Gloria does not celebrate her victory, because she’s too busy staring at Hop, who has a hand between his legs, crying, “No, no, not now!”

It would not take a genius to figure out what was happening, and he knows that Gloria can tell just what it is that has him so freaked out right now. She calls back Inteleon and steps closer to him, concern written all over her face, but he looks away, finally dropping his hand. His pants are dark enough that they actually don’t show that much, but it doesn’t really matter, because she definitely already knows what happened.

“That’s why you wanted to wait to battle,” she says. He just nods, not sure if he trusts his voice to speak right now. Gloria sighs and says, “You know, you could have said something. It’s just like that time when we were kids and your bro’s match went on too long, but you were so glued to the telly-”

“Please don’t remind me,” Hop groans. The last thing he needs is for her to drag up a mostly repressed memory of the other time he pissed himself in front of her.

“Sorry. Look, um,” she says, looking sheepish, “why don’t we get you to a Pokemon Center? I can help you, no one else can even tell unless they’re looking close, so…”

“Thanks, Gloria. I just…” He hangs his head. “Feel real stupid right now.”

“Stop beating yourself over it, it’s already over,” she says, doing her best to cheer him up. There is something a little off about her tone, and the way she can’t seem to look directly at him, but he is sure that he’s just imagining that. Or she’s just feeling secondhand embarrassment for him.

That has to be it, right?

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*034*2020-12-22 14:16

A/N: Tucker really speaks to my public humiliation love so he gets to torment May

Tucker is making it pretty clear that he knows exactly what is going on, and that he enjoys it. May is not able to figure out what it is that he likes specifically- if he just likes tormenting her, if he likes the fact that this is giving him an advantage in battle, or if he is a sadist, getting off on her suffering in particular. Maybe it goes beyond even that, and he has a specific fetish for this sort of thing. She has no idea how to feel about any of this, and, in fact, the only thing that she is sure of right now is the fact that she is absolutely bursting, and in danger of not making it to the end of this battle.

And the battle certainly is dragging on and on, as she struggles against him. She has been so busy that she did not even take the time to visit the bathroom before this, and now she is realizing just how bad of a decision that was, because Tucker has been a pain to battle, time dragging on, the battle dragging out, and May becoming less and less certain that she can win this battle, or the battle against time, and against her bursting bladder.

And Tucker definitely knows exactly what it means as she struggles to hold still, biting her lip as she squirms back and forth. He keeps giving her these teasing smiles, as he makes a spectacle of everything that he does. He is a performer through and through, always keeping things active for the crowd watching, and it will not be long before the crowd catches on to how badly this challenger needs to pee either. May is getting to the point that she really does not think she can hold it for much longer, and she knows that Tucker is counting on it, can tell from the way that he is looking at her that he is absolutely looking forward to seeing the moment that she finally loses control, and that he wants it to be right here, in front of everyone.

And she really, really has no idea how she feels about that, let alone how she is supposed to feel about it.

“Come on, now, May,” he teases her. “Seems like you’re having a tough time concentrating. You’re never going to win if you can’t keep your eyes on the prize!”

She bites her lip hard, unable to think of anything to say. Her legs are trembling, and the smirk on his face is so teasing, so knowing, that she can hardly stand to look at him. And yet there is definitely a part of her that wants to look, wants to watch the way that he watches her, waiting for the slightest slip up, for any hint that she might be closer to losing, and to losing control.

The battle is neck and neck, but any time she starts to think she has an advantage, Tucker seems to pull ahead again, making it difficult for her to catch up and to stay caught up. Her focus is shot to hell, and he would have been a tough opponent even if she had not been bursting. Right now, it is so impossible that she should probably just forfeit right now, but she knows he is going to tease her relentlessly either way, and she has to at least try to see this through to the end, no matter how much she may be freaking out about the outcome.

With her legs trembling, she squeezes her thighs together, and notices the lecherous smile on his face. Yeah, Tucker is definitely getting off on watching her struggle, that much she knows for sure, even if she does not know the extent of his perversion. Either way, that just makes it that much harder for her to focus, and she is on the verge of losing, with no way to come back from it, and she is on the verge of pissing herself right here in front of everyone, and she wishes that she could get that first loss over with, because then she might at least be able to flee the dome and find somewhere private to lose control.

But that is not in the cards, it seems.

Her final Pokemon falls, and at the same time, her bladder gives out. May tries to stop it from happening, reflexively reaching a hand between her legs to grab at herself, to try and stop the flood even as it begins, but that does her no good. It does feel a little good, relieving a different sort of pressure that she had not noticed before, but she has no time to actually think about that, because once she has started peeing, there is nothing else she can do but look down at her clothes, growing darker and wetter, until it has started to run down her legs.

Then she looks up, realizing that all eyes are on her, that looking down only helped them figure out where to aim their gazes as they watched her moment of utter humiliation. Her legs are still shaking, and she is not sure from what, and the look of arousal and glee on Tucker’s face, his excitement impossible to hide in any way, only pushes her further into these strange feelings she has no idea what to do with.

“Ha ha! Aren’t you embarrassed?” he asks, looking at her in a way that makes her squeeze her legs together again, even though her stream has slowed to a stop, her bladder completely empty, with nothing left to hold back. “Everyone’s watching!”

As if she needs a reminder of that, what with the murmur that goes through the crowd. Everyone is watching, and everyone saw her not only lose, but also completely disgrace herself, all for their entertainment, and the entertainment of the Dome Ace. And the strangest part about all of this is not his enjoyment, but hers. May finally realizes what her strange feelings are, accepting the fact that she is more turned on than she has ever been in her life.

She is definitely going to have to get Tucker to do something about that.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*036*2020-12-23 14:09

A/N: Today's story involves Klara bullying Victor!

It’s kind of cute, watching Victor squirm like he honestly thinks it isn’t the most obvious thing in the world. Klara can’t help herself; she likes watching him squirm, likes seeing some discomfort in his eyes. Ever since he showed up, it seems like all she has done is chased after his shadow, actually having to put in work , and still not even close to being the star of the show. It really is unfair, pitting her against the champion, but now, she is starting to get a little bit even.

Maybe not in any meaningful way, because he will still outclass her as a trainer, and will still continue to upstage her at the dojo, but at least she will be able to get some satisfaction out of this, because it turns out the boy has such a big crush on her that he won’t even stop their training to admit he has to go to the bathroom. It would honestly be cute if he weren’t such a constant pain in the ass for her.

Victor definitely has to pee, and has tried to bring an early end to training a few times, but Klara keeps coming up with excuses to drag it out. Honestly, she has no idea how he has not caught onto her scheme yet, since she is usually the one looking for any and every excuse to not have to put in the work. But he must be too distracted by his bursting bladder to realize that she is getting a kick out of watching him struggle, that she is doing all of this just to make him that much more desperate.

She knows that he likes her, because he makes that obvious. Of course, she can’t really say that she blames him for that, considering who he’s dealing with and all. A boy like him was doomed from the start, but even when she stops putting on the charm, he seems just as infatuated with her, which is new, but not entirely unwelcome. It would be nice if he also sucked a bit more while worshiping her, because then she would be able to bask in his admiration, rather than sulking after multiple defeats, but at least his infatuation makes it easy for her to boss him around.

Which is why he keeps listening when she tells him that he better not try and skulk off to ditch training. She has no idea just how long she is going to allow this to go on, but she has enough of a mean streak that she might just let it go all the way. It could be funny, but she doesn’t think that even Victor is that pathetic enough. Eventually, he will get tired of trying to hold it just because she says to, and then he will run off, and her fun will be over. Until then, she is going to enjoy it as much as she can.

Honestly, she has no idea why she enjoys it so much. It’s a little funny, seeing him press his thighs together and bite his lip when he thinks that she won’t notice, but it should hardly qualify as world class entertainment, especially not worthy of making her drag out this boring training session just to see more of it. Really, it would be far more typical of her to have already gotten bored with this and dismissed it as too boring to qualify as good revenge, to say that revenge was not worth all of this training anyway.

Instead, she just keeps watching him, waiting to see what might happen next, thrilling a bit when she hears a soft whimper from his direction. Once again, he tries to see if she wants to stop, and she scolds him for trying to run off. With a playful smile, she feigns innocence as she says, “Don’t tell me you’re that afraid of me catchin’ up to you!”

“No, it’s not that, it’s just…nothing,” he says, and he is ready to get back to things. Truthfully, she had thought that would be the end of that, that he would finally get tired of waiting. He seems like he is about ready to burst, barely able to stand still at all, and completely unable to conceal his need, even if he might think that he is still being subtle about things. But the way that he keeps shifting his weight from foot to foot makes it obvious, and he looks like he is nearing his limit.

Maybe she should call things off. It looks like he might actually let things go all the way, and then it would be all her fault. Which she would not feel guilty about, and in fact, the more she thinks about it, the more she thinks she wants to see it, and not necessarily because it would be funny, though she can’t quite figure out her own reasoning. The right thing to do would be to let it end, but she remains torn on that, barely focused on their training, barely focused on anything at all, until she hears a strained groan from Victor, and looks up to see him slightly bent over, his thighs squeezed together, a frantic look on his face.

“I’ll be right back,” he says, his face already red with embarrassment. Klara can think of nothing to say in response, though she wishes she had some way to stop him. It turns out not to be necessary, though, because he is not able to move. He needs to make his exit now, but he can’t move at all, and he looks up at her like he is ready to plead with her, but when his mouth opens, he just groans again, and then he starts pissing himself.

Right there in front of her, Victor starts to piss himself, all because Klara made him wait this long, allowing him no chance for a break. It is not funny like she initially thought it would be, but that is not because she feels bad for him, not in the slightest. She definitely should feel bad for him, but instead, she finds herself thinking he looks even cuter like this, and begins to find his crush that much more endearing, as she watches him completely soak his pants, both of them silent until his bladder is completely empty.

“I…I’m sorry,” he mumbles, and she makes a decision, then and there. There is nothing she can do about the way he keeps upstaging her, and nothing she can do about everything that has happened so far. There is, however, something that she can do about the way this is making her feel, and that has something to do with his not-so-little crush on her.

“What are you apologizing for?” she asks, with that same playful, fake-innocent smile. “This is just what I wanted!”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*037*2020-12-24 13:05

A/N: Merry Kris-mas Eve

Bugsy is a lot more trouble than Kris would have expected him to be. Or, more precisely, his Scyther is, and that is making the battle take a lot longer than she expected. And she already kind of had to pee when she first got here, and that only got worse as she battled his gym trainers while trying to make her way to him, and now that she is battling against him, she really needs to pee, and his stupid Scyther is making all of this take way too long.

Bugsy does not seem to notice that anything is bothering her, which she would prefer. After all, the last thing she needs is the gym leader himself asking her why she can’t hold still. If only this could end, if only one of them would lose, just so that she can get out of her. At this point, she does not even care if she is the one to lose, just as long as it will end, though at this point, when she has put so much into trying to win, she would rather just win, so that she does not have to go through this again.

It is partially her fault that things have gone on for so long. Maybe she should have put more work into the rest of her team, because no one is really ready for this besides Bayleef, and Bayleef is at a total disadvantage here, just barely able to stand up to Bugsy’s Pokemon, meaning that in order to keep herself from losing out entirely, she just has to keep healing and wasting her turns on that.

If she would just give up on the healing now, she would lose, and it would be over, but that means a lot of wasted potions on a battle that she ended up deciding to throw, and Kris is just a little too stubborn to accept something like that. Maybe if she had decided on that from the start, but since she didn’t, she decides to keep trying, and that means that she needs to actually win this. As much as she wants it to be over quickly, as much as her bladder wants it to be over quickly, she has to try and win, so that nothing she has done so far ends up being a waste.

Besides, who’s to say a rematch would not put her right back in the same desperate position? Better to get it over with now, even if she has been squirming for a while now, even if her shorts are in danger of being soaked before she has a chance to get out of this gym.

Kris has never had to pee so badly in all her life, of that she is certain. This is definitely something that she will consider in the future, before rushing into battles like this. She has no excuse for not being properly prepared for this, but she just hadn’t been thinking, and now she is suffering for that, thighs pressed tightly together as she calls out attack after attack, trying to overcome the type disadvantage by sheer brute force, promising herself that she will never make any of these mistakes again. In every regard, she swears to be better prepared for her future battles.

But for right now, she might have to embarrass herself a lot more to make it through this battle dry. She swallows the last of her pride before jamming a hand between her legs, holding herself over her shorts, making it very obvious what she is doing. Bugsy looks at her with wide eyes, and opens his mouth, but Kris stops him.

“Please don’t say anything,” she says. “I’ll be fine, we just…we just need to keep going!”

“If you’re sure…” he says, not looking like he believes her. But he does what she says, and goes back to being a total pain in the ass, because of how much trouble he is giving her. He doesn’t go any easier on her even now that he can see she is bursting to pee, and she is not sure if she appreciates that or not.

Honestly, she is not sure of much of anything, except the fact that she is at her limit, and that she needs to get this done fast. Whenever she is not calling out an attack, she is biting her lip hard, rubbing her thighs together around her hand, doing everything in her power to hold it in. The first time her control slips, she gasps as she feels it leaking, and Bugsy tries to be polite and pretend not to notice, but she can tell that he does, just as well as she can tell that her shorts are starting to get damp.

Another leak, and they get a little bit damper, and she is sure that there will be a dark spot on them, small enough that it is probably not noticeable, but definitely there. She is so close to winning this, and she just has to hold on until then, just the same as Bayleef has to hold on and not take any of the hits too hard. Back and forth, they trade attacks, until finally, Bayleef lands the decisive blow that Kris needs, and Bugsy is done, and the badge is hers.

And her shorts are soon soaked through as she tries to take a step forward to get her back. She drops her hand, knees buckling as she loses control. Her panties and her bright yellow shorts soon become heavy with the sudden flow, and her legs are soaked and there is a puddle growing on the floor beneath her, and all the while, there’s Bugsy, politely looking away, and pretending that he doesn’t notice. It is a nice enough reaction, but it does not really do much to make her feel better about it.

Not that there is much he would be able to do to make her feel better either way. All she can do is wait until it’s over, before she steps forward, so that she can get that badge. Naturally, she offers to clean up the mess that she has made of his gym, and Bugsy remains nice about the whole ordeal. Even so, Kris is not sure if this is a humiliation she will be able to recover from so easily.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*038*2020-12-26 18:55

A/N: Bonnie who has a crush on her big brother

Clemont is the best gym leader that there is, and one of the strongest trainers ever. At least, his little sister operates under that assumption, but she is at that age, and is close enough with her big brother, that of course she thinks the world revolves around him. Actually, she idolizes her big brother a lot more than she probably should, and has not quite grown out of saying things like that she wants to marry him when she grows up.

Even though she is getting past the age where that should be acceptable or cute, she continues to cling to that notion. Eventually, people are going to start wondering about her attachment to Clemont, because it does not seem like her infatuation is fading any time soon.

Either way, she idolizes him and is always happy to be able to help out in his gym, glad that she gets to direct the quiz that determines if trainers are able to face him or not. It is a busy job, but she does her best at it, all to make sure that Clemont will praise her for it at the end of the day, and so that she can be included. Otherwise, he would go off to the gym every day without her, and she would be left to do nothing but miss him.

Like this, she gets to help, and it really isn’t that hard, except when there are a handful of challengers in a day, and she has to run multiple quizzes, and then she sometimes has to miss out on Clemont’s battles with the trainers, because she is so busy dealing with the next one in line. On one such day, she is left a little stressed because she hasn’t had the chance to go to the bathroom in a while, and she is having a hard time holding still behind her podium, while she runs what she hopes is the last trainer through their quiz.

Once this one is over, she has to go watch them battle Clemont, because this is the third trainer in a row, and she missed the last two. Of those two, she knows he lost one and won one, and she wishes that she could be there to cheer him on, because he might have won the other if she had been there. Even though she needs to pee, she can’t miss this battle.

By the time she is through the final quiz, she is relieved that there is no one else here to challenge her big brother, because she doesn’t know if she can manage another. Bonnie doesn’t even know if she can hold it throughout his whole battle, but she has to try, because she can’t miss it. She has no excuse for missing even a single second of this one, and she doesn’t want Clemont to think she didn’t want to come watch.

Her place is at his side, and that is where she remains, fists clenched at her sides and legs pressed tight together. Clemont is too focused on his battle to notice her desperate state, as she bites her lip hard, shaking from the effort of trying to hold it. She knows that she is too old for accidents, and doesn’t plan on letting that happen, but she also has to be there to see this through until the end. No matter what happens, she has to hold it until the end.

Luckily for her, despite this trainer’s ability to make it to Clemont, it seems they stand no chance against him, and he wipes the floor with them, until they are down to their last Pokemon. Whenever she knows no one is looking at her, Bonnie will push a hand between her legs, holding herself for just a second, just to make it a little more bearable, and then she will try and act natural. Which is hard when she can’t stand still at all, shifting her weight from foot to foot, until finally, Clemont is bidding the trainer goodbye, and urging them to come back and challenge him again soon.

Bonnie sighs with relief, but a little too soon, because she feels a bit leak out into her panties. Squeaking, she grabs herself again, just in time for Clemont to turn and face her as he says, “Well, that was a pretty busy afternoon, huh…Bonnie?!”

She’s so embarrassed, but there is nothing she can do about it right now, left holding herself and trembling, so close to losing control that there is nothing else for it. Clemont gawks at her for a moment before asking, “Why did you wait so long? Bonnie, you need to get to the bathroom now!”

“I know!” she whines. “I just didn’t want to miss another battle!”

“Oh, Bonnie…” he says with a sigh, but he does not scold her. “Do you think you can get there on your own?”

She nods, but tries to take a step, immediately stopping because she leaks again, and shakes her head. “I’m sorry, I…I didn’t mean to…”

“It’s okay, I’ll get you there,” he replies, leaning down to pick her up. Clemont is far from strong, and has struggled more and more with carrying her, the bigger she has gotten, but right now, he lifts her like it is effortless, and is quick to head for the gym’s bathroom, meant for him and his trainers. Bonnie trembles in his arms, unable to cling to him like she normally would, because she can’t let go of herself.

Even that is not enough, though. She keeps leaking and leaking, until, much to her horror, what comes out is a lot more than just a leak. Bonnie lets out a shriek, trying to tell Clemont to put her down, but it’s too late. Right there in his arms, just before they reach the bathroom, she can’t stop it anymore, and starts peeing, quickly soaking through her panties and her shorts, and getting Clemont wet in the process.

He surprises her by not putting her down as soon as he realizes what is happening. Instead, he holds her closer, even though she tries to protest this. Clemont shushes her, rubbing her back and holding her all the way through, until her bladder is empty and both of them are wet.

“Shh, it’s okay, Bonnie,” he says, as she gives into tears.

“But it isn’t okay!” she wails. “I didn’t mean to…but I got you all wet, and I couldn’t even…”

“It’s been a really busy afternoon, Bonnie. It’s not your fault you couldn’t make it,” he assures her. She is not sure if she believes him or not, knowing that she could have prevented this. But with her beloved big brother comforting her in such a gentle voice and holding her so close, she can’t help but accept it, if only because she loves being spoiled.

Eventually, he does sit her down, because the two of them have to get cleaned up. But when he does, Bonnie leans up to give him a quick kiss, even though she is getting too old to not know the difference between kissing her brother on the cheek and on the lips.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*039*2020-12-28 14:52

A/N: Sorry, guys, my internet was messed up yesterday and I ended up forgetting to post here when I had a reliable connection again. So this post will contain the Grant fic AND the Lyra fic. Grant fic is solo omo, Lyra fic involves Petrel and Lance a little bit.

Sometimes being up high like this makes him feel like he needs to pee. Grant has no idea why that is, or why it only happens sometimes, but he is never able to predict when it might come on, and it usually is not such a big deal that it really matters all that much. Sometimes it calms down almost as soon as his feet hit the ground again, even though, up until that point, it is pretty urgent.

He assumes that is the case today, as he scales the walls in his gym, just to keep in shape. It has been a bit since his busy schedule has allowed him a chance for a proper mountain climb, but at least his gym allows him these options, so that he never has to worry about getting out of the habit of doing what he loves most. And since the walls go so high in here, he never has to worry about it getting boring. If he wants to, he can spend hours just climbing and sometimes even letting his imagination run a little wild, imagining himself exploring some mountain no one has ever successfully scaled before, or something like that.

It may be a little silly, but he keeps it to himself, so there is nothing wrong with that. Of course, his fantasies usually get interrupted by the sudden stab of desperation that hits him out of nowhere in the middle of his climb. He has never made any progress when it comes to figuring out the source of that, and by now, he is so used to it that he just tries to ignore it, certain that he will feel immediately fine as soon as he goes to the trouble of lowering himself to the ground again.

It always turns into a waste, to do it before he has reached the top, so he is just going to keep going, ignoring the pressure in his bladder until it starts to fade away, and he can get back to focusing on the more important things. This is so common that he really does think nothing of it, even when it starts to get more persistent, making it hard for him to even ignore it.

Grant grits his teeth a bit, doing what he can to push it out of his mind. It does not help that, up here, there is not much that he can do to alleviate that pressure. He is stuck in some pretty set positions, his hands definitely occupied, not that he would ever hold it to the point that he had to hold himself to keep things under control. It is just a thought that enters his mind, that he would not be able to do that even if he wanted to. And he definitely doesn’t need to, because he is used to this, and knows it does not mean anything serious.

But he wouldn’t mind rushing his climb a little bit, just so he can lower himself to the ground and get rid of this nagging desperation already. Not yet, because he is so close to the top, and if he is going to start over, he would rather start completely fresh, on a different wall, after saying that he has managed to reach the top of this one. Just a small matter of pride that does not matter one way or another, since no one is watching, but a matter of pride none the last.

By the time he does reach the top, he feels a little shaky, his need not dissipating at all. Grant is starting to realize that he might actually have to piss this badly, and the mysterious effect high altitudes sometimes have on his body might not have anything to do with it. He has been at this for a while, so maybe it is for the best that he is about to descend, where he can then take a short break, before thinking about what he wants to climb next.

Once he hits the floor, he knows for sure that he is actually, genuinely bursting right now, and is unsure how it hit him so suddenly, without any warning. Maybe he was more distracted by his imagination than he realized, but the point is, now that he is on the ground, he knows that this is genuine, and that he’d better hurry. Even just walking around is starting to become hard on him, and he is pretty sure that it has been a long time since the last time he was this desperate.

Maybe he was a little quick to say that he would never let it get so bad that he had to hold himself. It’s not like he intentionally let things go on this long, but he decides it can’t hurt to take that extra precaution as he stumbles towards the bathroom, hand at his crotch, his climbing gear only mildly in the way of all that.

His climbing gear!

Once in the bathroom, he realizes just how much of a pain this is going to be to get off. It always take a little while, but he normally has a little while, and right now, he is just not sure about that. He moves his hand away, jostling his legs, squirming in place as he starts to take it off, only to have to grab himself again for a moment, because he keeps leaking.

Slowly, he pulls his hand away again to start working on getting his gear out of the way so that he can undo his pants, and that is the end of that. He is not able to move his hand back fast enough to stop the sudden burst of warm piss, soaking through and making a very visible mark on his light pants, one that he knows means he is going to have to change either way.

So, with a sigh, he decides to just give up completely, groaning as he lets it all out. Grant still has no idea how he let it go on this long, and he is mortified that something like this could even happen to him, but at the very least, this happened on a day when his gym is mostly empty, and he always has something to change into, in the event of something happening to his clothes during a climb or a battle.

He never counted on that something being him having an accident at his age, but it could have been a lot worse. At least this way he has it all under control.

End of the Grant fic, start of the Lyra fic

She has to impress Lance, here and now. Lyra isn’t sure why she is so driven to make sure that she impresses the older man, other than the fact that he has managed to charm her beyond belief, but either way, she knows that she can’t let him know what’s actually going on with her. Even if she were not completely infatuated with him, she would not want him to know that right now, at the worst possible moment, she has just realized how badly she needs to pee.

It still feels unreal, that he wanted her to come with him to infiltrate the Team Rocket hideout, to try and put an end to whatever it is that they are doing out here, but it must be real, because here she is. And she knows that this is definitely not a good time to ask if she can take a short break, and that that sort of break is completely off the table. As long as Lance is here with her, she has to keep ignoring the way her bladder has started to throb, and even when they split up, she knows she can’t risk doing anything about it in a place like this.

She is sent running all over the place, battling grunt after grunt as she tries to find a man named Petrel, who should have the key that Lance needs, to get in and shut off their signal, thus ending their scheme out here. All of that is a lot harder to focus on when she has to also focus on her bursting bladder, and she and her Pokemon get worn down, with all of these battles. It may have been more than she was ready to handle, but she couldn’t say no to Lance, and now she wants to do her best, to impress him.

Every now and then, when she is certain that there is no one else around, she will stop to try and compose herself, wishing that there were any way she could take care of this. Instead, she is just left to squirm in an empty hallway before she feels ready to move on, and then she gets back to it, knowing that she is close, that Petrel can’t be too far off. It’s just that she has no idea how much longer this is going to last after she gets the key, and she really might not make it.

Actually battling Petrel is a hell in and of itself, once she actually finds him, and gets him to take off his disguise- some attempt to intimidate her by making her think she’s going up against the Giovanni, maybe? Whatever the case, she is about at her breaking point, and he can tell that something is wrong with her from the start, teasing her about not seeming all that tough, asking her if she’s daydreaming like the little girl she is, but never actually guessing the reason.

At least until he sees her squeezing her thighs together, while she tries to cope with how many Poison types he has. Then, she sees realization dawn on him, and a sleazy grin spread across his face. Or maybe it is just a normal grin, and he is just that sleazy on his own. Either way, she knows that she has been found out, even before he says, “Oh, so you’re distracted cos you need to piss, huh?”

She looks away, not dignifying him with a response, wanting to focus on the battle, but he will not let it go, laughing at her unfortunate plight. “Aw, no wonder you look so stressed out. Here I thought you were just scared of me, but I guess you and that meddling champion have been skulking around for a while, right?”

“Don’t worry about that,” she snaps. “Worry about battling me, instead.”

Petrel gets a bit of a laugh out of that, but replies, “Fine, fine, but at least let me give you some advice about trying to bring down criminal organizations, since it looks like your precious Lance couldn’t do that for you You should at least go to the bathroom before breaking an entering!”

He must think that he’s so funny. Lyra hates just how bad this is getting for her, because it means that she really does have to try her hardest to hold it, even knowing that Petrel is watching, completely aware of every little sign of her desperation. At the same time, since he already knows, there is really not that much point in trying to hide it from him, when she thinks about it like that. Maybe he might snicker a bit when she shoves a hand between her legs, but at least she knew that was coming, and that he would have found something to laugh about either way.

She should be able to win this easily, but the way she keeps having to double down on not wetting herself throws her off, and it drags on too long, and she already knows that she is not going to make it either way. The way Petrel looks at her does not make things easier, and it is hard not to think that there is something more than teasing behind his eyes, as he starts to ignore his own efforts in the battle to focus more on the way her legs are trembling while she keeps a tight grip between them, trying, and failing, to stop leak after leak.

Lyra wins the battle once Petrel lets himself get that distracted, but the victory does not count for much, because no sooner has his last Pokemon fainted than she has lost control at last. She yelps and tries to stop it, but it’s no use- her overalls are quickly stained darker, and it is soon gushing past her hand and down her legs, until she moves her hand to the side, knowing that there is nothing she can do to stop it. All the while, Petrel’s eyes never leave her.

There is silence, before he says, “Look. I am a nice guy…” She seriously doubts that, but still listens to what he has to say.

~X~

Lyra can hardly believe all of this has happened to her. Obviously, there is no chance for her to change, and no way to hide what has happened from Lance. She is left trudging around the hideout in soaking overalls, not needing to explain herself to him, since he can figure it out from a glance. What is harder to explain is why she has a Murkrow with her, doing a perfect impression of Petrel, but all she says is that she handled things, rather than explaining that, out of pity for her, or probably because he’s that much of a creep and enjoyed the show, Petrel decided to help her with what they needed.

She just can’t help but notice the way Lance keeps looking at her now, and is not sure how to take it. He is nothing like Petrel, and yet, there is a certain similarity to the look in their eyes…

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*040*2020-12-29 14:11

A/N: I did decide to just go with Molayne for the 29th, cos I got this idea here. Traveling during his island challenge with Guzma who is surprisingly not an ass for once

“We’re obviously lost,” Guzma comments, completely unhelpfully, as Molayne tries to make sense of the map and get them back on the right track. He knows that they are, and Guzma has made sure to remind him of that at every opportunity, but that does nothing to get them any less lost, and really just makes it that much harder to concentrate on finding the right path. That, and other things.

“I know, but I think I’ve almost got it figured out…” Molayne replies, shifting his weight a bit, gritting his teeth. It isn’t often that he and Guzma end up traveling together, just knowing each other through their mutual friend, and it is even less often that they end up traveling together without Kukui there. It’s just his luck that one of the few times he gets alone with the boy that he- for reasons completely unknown to him- has started to develop a crush on, he would end up getting them lost, and he would end up bursting to pee while trying to navigate.

“Yeah, but how long’s that gonna take? Why doncha just piss out here? I’m not gonna watch or anything,” Guzma says, and Molayne goes stiff at his words. Guzma laughs at that. “What, ya thought I couldn’t tell?”

“It’s…really not a big deal,” he says, and immediately feels stupid for even responding. He should have tried to deny it, but then, Guzma probably would have been able to tell that he was lying, since he has already been able to figure out Molayne’s quickly growing desperation. Which begs the question, why doesn’t he just go and get it over with?

Guzma isn’t going to think he’s weird for doing that, since it’s basically mandatory when doing the island challenge, what with all the traveling and such. If they’re lost and have no idea when they are going to get unlost, it only makes sense. Except Molayne is way too shy to actually do something like that around anyone, let alone Guzma. He is mortified just knowing that Guzma knows, so he would probably die if he actually did that. No matter how much sense it makes, and no matter how natural it is.

“Suit yourself,” the other boy mutters with a shrug. Molayne is actually surprised that he does not push the issue further, even though it has little to do with him. Guzma is so stubborn, and can pick a fight over anything, often seeming like he is just looking for an excuse to snap. Instead, he just lets it go, just like that, even though he is clearly annoyed with the whole thing.

Almost like he gets it, which Molayne doubts, since he has a hard time imagining Guzma being shy about anything.

Either way, that is the last thing he says on the subject while the two of them continue to try and navigate, not sure how they managed to get this disastrously lost. Molayne tries to ignore the warning pangs from his bladder, as he gets closer and closer to a critical point, hoping desperately that he can hold out for as long as it takes to find civilization and ditch Guzma. Even if that is looking less likely by the moment, he tries to ignore his own worries, tries to assure himself that he is going to be just fine, just as long as he keeps on holding it.

Holding it is getting really hard, though. He lets his mind wander for just a moment and is brought back to reality as he panics, realizing that he has leaked a little bit. His whimper is soft, but Guzma still hears it, looking over to him for a second before looking away again, trying to pretend like he doesn’t notice. It’s hard not to wonder why Guzma is being uncharacteristically nice about the whole thing, but Molayne can’t even dwell on that. It is taking all of his willpower not to shove a hand between his legs to try and keep things under control, but that would be way too embarrassing, and Guzma would definitely make fun of him for it, no matter how nice he is being.

Even so, it almost feels worth it to take the risk. Every step he takes leaves him that much more certain he is about to lose it, and he can’t let that happen, but he also can’t will himself to step away for a minute so that he can go behind one of many large plants out here in the middle of nowhere. Guzma continues to pointedly ignore him even as his groans and whimpers become more frequent, and even as he often has to stop walking completely to try and stop another series of spurts from escaping and causing the slight spot on the front of his pants to grow even more.

Molayne knows by now that he isn’t going to make it. Even though they are fairly certain that they are not that far from finding their way to somewhere, they aren’t going to find their way there soon enough. As much as it embarrasses him, pissing himself is going to be infinitely worse, so he needs to just get over his hangups and do it already.

Which is why he clears his throat and starts to say, “Can you wait for a second, I…”

But he never gets to say what it is that he’s going to do- as if Guzma does not have enough context clues to figure that one out- because he suddenly doubles over, hand darting between his legs on reflex, as his body suddenly decides that the minute or so it would take him to get out of visual, and hopefully hearing, range is not enough time. With Guzma just a few feet away, and still looking at him because he had been speaking, Molayne starts peeing full force, and is not able to stop, no matter how hard he tries.

All he can do is whimper as it keeps gushing out of him, until he has to give up and just let it happen. By that point, Guzma has looked away, a blush tinging his cheeks that is nothing compared to the shade of red Molayne knows that he has turned. It doesn’t really help, though, because he already knows what’s happened, and this is a humiliation that Molayne is never going to be able to recover from.

Sure, he may have been nice about everything so far, but there is no way he’s going to let this go without making fun of Molayne, and no way that he is ever going to see him as anything more than-

“I can keep look out while you get changed,” Guzma suddenly says, finally breaking the silence. “Like there’s anyone out here to catch you either way.” There is no cruelty to his voice, not even the slightest hint that he might make fun of Molayne for this. He treats it all like it’s perfectly natural, like he still understands, which is the exact opposite of what Molayne was expecting.

But he definitely isn’t complaining.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*041*2020-12-30 15:26

A/N: Leaf has to deal with Blue being a nuisance

Blue is always pestering her for battles at the worst times. It seems like Blue is always causing her problems in some way or another, ever since they met. As her neighbor, childhood friend, and now rival, he has been nothing but a pain, with perhaps the most annoying thing about him being how much she likes him, beneath all of that. She feels like he might be the worst choice for a first crush, but at least her feelings for him never get in the way of her kicking his ass in one of those inconvenient battles.

This is probably the most inconvenient of all, though, because she was trying to get into town without encountering any other trainers for a reason. And even when she tried to tell Blue that she was in a hurry, and that they could battle later, he just accused her of being scared until he had her agreeing right then and there, just to get him to shut up about it. But now that she is absolutely bursting, she is just not sure about all of this. She should have just ignored his obvious attempts to egg her on, should have kept going, because this battle is taking forever, and she really needs to pee.

Blue can tell, too. He hasn’t said anything about it, but she knows that smirk on his face means that he has figured it out, not that it would take a genius to figure it out. After all, she can’t stand still at all, with her thighs squeezed tight together as she squirms back and forth, doing her best to focus on the battle. The only thing that could possibly make this situation worse would be to lose to him, and give him something else to tease her about.

He is a tough opponent, even if she usually manages to overpower him in the end. They are rivals for a reason, after all, and when her focus is completely shot, that makes it harder for her to keep up with him and to try and get an edge over him, like she normally is able to do. It is taking all she has not to mess up the battle while also keeping her skirt dry. Her panties are kind of a lost cause at this point, already a bit damp from the occasional leak that she is barely able to stop, but as long as nothing makes it past her panties, then Blue will not know about it, so it might as well have not happened.

But she really, really has to pee, and he seems to be taking great delight in that, not even calling back his Wartortle when she switches to her Ivysaur. That is probably the only reason that she is still in this, because even though her focus is terrible, he is messing around with type match ups just so that he can get a few more water guns in, and make her squirm that much more. He definitely knows that she has to pee, might have even known from the start when he egged her on to get her to battle with him, and she is never going to forgive him for being such a colossal asshole.

And yet, somehow, her crush on him has not faded a bit. There is something seriously wrong with her, to be attracted to him even through all of this, and to be more concerned about looking good in front of him, when it comes to wanting to win and to make it to the bathroom. She bites her lip hard, crossing her legs and not caring a bit that he laughs at her, just as long as she can pull through with this victory.

And in the end, she does win! It is close, because of how bad her focus is, but she wins, and Blue is not able to gloat or lord his own victory over her. She is on the verge of wetting herself, but maybe if she sprints, she can still make it, or maybe she should just give up and find a bush, but she has to make Blue leave before she can do that.

“Let me just get your prize money,” he says, and begins digging through his bag. Horrified, she realizes that he is going slowly on purpose, taking his time looking for it, and she doubles over, jamming her hands between her legs, her skirt all bunched up as she starts to move away.

“Forget it, don’t worry about it!” she cries. “I need to get going, because…because…” Leaf does not have time to try and explain herself, and is about to take off for the nearest bush, for anything that might give her enough privacy to drop her panties and let loose, but just one step is all it takes to push her past her limit. And so, with Blue staring gleefully at her, she starts to piss herself, her panties quickly flooded enough that it leaves the front of her skirt soaked before she can move it out of the way.

Reflexively, she lifts it to try and prevent further damage, not that it should matter anymore, and Blue’s eyes widen as he gets a full view of her soaked panties, and the way that the streams run down both of her legs. He blushes, but does not have the decency to look away, and watches her all the way until the end, as Leaf glares off to the side, tears already starting to cloud her vision. Finally, she drops her skirt, and sniffs, knowing that she needs to make a run for it right now, as soon as her legs remember how to work.

“Did you seriously just…oh, man!” says Blue, who finally has something to gloat over. Maybe he lost the battle, but he got something a lot more entertaining than prize money, and she is never going to live this down. Leaf can’t help it then, and she starts to cry, certain that this will just give Blue even more ammunition.

Instead, the smile fades from his face, his laughter forgotten as he says, “Hey…”

“Just go away,” she mumbles. “You got your show, and I need to set up my tent so I can change clothes.”

“Leaf, it wasn’t…I didn’t think…I wasn’t thinking, alright?” He steps closer to her, and she sees a strange expression on his face, like nothing she has ever seen before. Could it be that Blue is actually apologetic about all of this? “I guess I didn’t think about the consequences, I was just being stupid because I…well, that doesn’t matter! I’m just sorry!”

“What are you apologizing for?” she mumbles, feeling even more awkward now. Smug, asshole Blue is someone that she has plenty of experience with, someone that she knows how to handle. Nice, remorseful, apologetic Blue is something entirely different.

“I’ll help you, if you need me to?” He seems really intent on trying to make this up to her, even though there is really nothing that he can do now. Even so, she decides to let him stand guard, since it will make him shut up about helping her.

While she changes, she wonders just what has gotten into him, to make him act so nice to her. But she has to admit, it is a nice change, and one that will make it that much harder for her to get over her crush on him.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*042*2020-12-31 15:03

A/N: The end of the month, this one was just self-indulgent for me. Zapp is my OC, she's an Electric gym leader, she and Piers were childhood friends and rivals who took about a decade to get together, and they both pee and get horny from it in this one

Zapp actually really likes going out with Piers, whenever he picks what they do, as opposed to her dragging him around to wherever she wants to go while he puts up with it because he loves her. The latter is something that they did even back when they were just friends, back before she knew he was doing it because he was in love with her, but back then, he never thought she would want to do anything with him.

Stupid of him, since she is just as crazy about him, if not more so, and also stupid because she actually enjoys the things that he takes her out to do. This is the first concert that she has been to that he isn’t a part of, and she is, for the most part, having a good time. It’s a group of local bands, some friends of his that she is not as well acquainted with, and so far, they have had a great night.

The only reason she is only having a good time for the most part is because of the part where a shitty venue like this does not seem to have a bathroom, at least not anywhere that she can see, and it has been a long night so far. Zapp knows things are starting to wind down, and that they will be going back to his place soon enough, but for her, that really can’t come soon enough. She bites her lip whenever she knows that Piers isn’t looking, trying to keep him from figuring out just how badly that she has to piss.

The tight pants aren’t helping either. They look damn good on her, and are pretty much a staple for her casual dates, but the way they cut into her stomach puts a lot of extra pressure on her bladder, making it a lot harder for her to keep ignoring how urgent this is becoming. When he takes her hand to lead her out of here, saying that he can’t wait to get her back home, she is so relieved, though she tries to hide it.

She is so desperate that she can’t even take the time to appreciate how forward he is being as he expresses his idea to get her home. It seems that all concerts give him that same boost of energy and confidence, not just ones where he is the one onstage. She loves catching him right after a show, because he is usually so keyed up that he is immediately in the mood, not needing to build up to anything at all, taking her right then and there and giving her everything that she needs.

Sometimes, his patience does not even last until he can get her home, and she has been pinned to the wall of more than a few grungy backstage bathrooms in her time. Even as popular as he is, he does not often get places much nicer than that, but maybe she should not let herself think about any sort of bathroom right now, even when thinking about what she and her boyfriend do in them.

She is nervous as she walks at his side, but he is so keyed up that he hardly notices, going on about the show, making her feel bad because she is probably not being a very good listener right now. It has been a lot of fun, and she wants to engage more, wants him to know that she genuinely loves this, and that they should do stuff like this more often, but all she can think about is what happens when they get home, and her thoughts have little to do with whatever he has on his mind.

“Zapp, didja hear me?” he asks, and she realizes that she must have spaced out completely, because she missed a question.

“What was that? Sorry, I must have gotten distracted…” she mumbles.

“Are you alright?” Rather than repeating himself, Piers looks down at her, searching her face with concern in his eyes. “You’re feeling okay, aren’t you?”

“Absolutely!” she replies, trying to hype herself up, so that he does not have any reason to question her. He does not look entirely convinced, though, so she adds, “It was just loud, so I’m still…” She trails off, already knowing that this excuse is not going to fly.

“Alright, but I can pretty clearly remember you saying that doesn’t normally bother ya after my shows, so d’ya wanna try that answer again?”

“It’s nothing, I promise I’m fine,” she insists, but Piers is not having it. Maybe if he were not so keyed up right now, he might not be so persistent, and might back off when she tells him not to worry, and just worry privately while hoping she might eventually confide in him. Instead, he presses the issue, not wanting to rest until he knows what has his girlfriend so quiet and inattentive.

“Zapp, come on, I just wanna help.”

“It’s really nothing! I just…kinda need to pee, and I was distracted thinking about that,” she mumbles, kind of wanting to die even as she says it. It only becomes that much more embarrassing because he makes such a big deal out of it.

“Oh, uh…” He even blushes and looks away! She really wishes she hadn’t said anything. “Yeah, I guess there wasn’t a whole lot of options for that, huh? I’m pretty used to it, but I kinda…I mean, same here.”

Why does that make her heart skip a bit? It definitely shouldn’t make her heart skip a beat for Piers to agree that he has to piss too, but now she can’t stop thinking about his need in addition to her own, and that makes no sense to her. And maybe it makes sense for her to be turned on in the wake of what he said about wanting to get her home, but that was before they left, and this is just now hitting her, and hitting her hard.

It makes it hard for her to think about anything else, and she can’t pretend like she doesn’t know what brought it on. This is just hardly the time for any of that, and she needs to worry about getting home without humiliating herself, not her sudden and strange desire to see something like that happen to Piers. The couple keeps walking in silence, and by the time they are at the door, she is just relieved that the awkward walk is over, and that the two of them will soon be rid of the problem, and rid of things for her to dwell on.

“You can go first,” he says, as he unlocks his door. It seems that his post-concert high is starting to wear off, and she hopes that isn’t permanent, that she didn’t kill the mood by admitting to her desperation. The door swings open, and she walks past him, heading for the bathroom, only for his hand to suddenly grab hold of her wrist, stopping her in her tracks and pulling her so that she turns around to face him.

Her knees buckle, and a spurt leaks out, soaking into her panties and causing her to nearly panic. Piers does not seem to notice or care about her obvious discomfort, and instead moves her, pinning her right to the wall, where he can hold her in place. She recognizes the look on his face, the way he looks at her when he has his way with her after a show, but he knows that now should not be the time for that, and he had seemed calm up until now.

Up until now, when he shoves his knee right between her legs, forcing them apart, and Zapp cries out as he grinds his leg against her, and even in the midst of this absolute disaster, it feels so good that she almost forgets that she-

She yelps, but she is not able to break free from this, and she loses it while he holds her there, his leg between hers. Her stupidly tight purple jeans show it so well when the dark spot begins to spread, and Piers watches her with that same look on his face, and she is only now starting to realize that this is all intentional. Whether it is as impulsive as it seems or not, it is definitely intentional, and he wanted to make her piss himself, and once he starts moaning, as she begins soaking through the leg of his jeans, she knows that he is very glad to have caused it.

Zapp should probably be mad at him, but instead, she’s just glad. Glad to be empty, glad that he wants this and it wasn’t some humiliating incident that could potentially ruin their relationship (as if Piers would ever be that shallow, though), and glad that she has his leg here to start grinding back against as she soaks her pants and pisses all over him, and finds that she is seriously horny right now, and needs to do something about all of that.

“Fuck, Zapp,” he groans, feeling the way she grinds against him. “I guess it’s safe to say you’re into that too?”

“Didn’t exactly know I was. Didn’t exactly know you were either,” she replies, but she does not slow down, moaning between words. She is completely empty now, but still riled up, still unable to contain herself. “That was a little bold of you.”

“I maybe didn’t know I was into it either,” he replies, looking more than a little flustered, his facade crumbling just for the moment. But then, that look crosses over his face again. “But watchin’ you squirm did something to me, and I couldn’t just let ya get away…”

“You can go first,” she says, in a mocking imitation of his voice. “So, I guess that was total bullshit, then?”

“You kinda did,” he teases her, and she gives him a look. Letting go of her hands and stepping back, he chuckles at the way she whines, losing the friction she is able to get from rubbing on his leg. “You’re not really made though, are you?”

“I’m not, but what about you? You still gotta piss too, right?” she asks, and he bites his lip, nodding.

“Kinda worse since I felt you do it all over me, if I’m bein’ honest. But something tells me you’re not gonna let me get past you,” he says, and it sounds more like hope than a plea to do otherwise. He has nothing to worry about there, because there is no way in hell Zapp would let him get away with that without getting proper revenge either way, and she still has her own curiosities to satisfy, after how suddenly excited she got just to hear that he had to piss too.

“Aw, poor thing. How much worse has it gotten?” she asks, stepping closer to him, pushing her hips to his as she leans up to murmur in his ear. “You know, I could help you hold it, if you wanted me to.” As she says that, she moves her hand down between him, briefly groping him and listening to the low groan that gets caught in his throat, before moving it back up. “But if I do that, you really shouldn’t trust me not to switch tactics and just pull your belt super tight.”

“Holy shit, Zapp,” he breathes. “Where’s all this comin’ from?”

“I…honestly don’t know,” she confesses, breaking immediately. “Just felt like the right thing to say.”

“Well, I kinda like this new side of you. But I don’t think pullin’ on my belt is gonna be necessary.” As he speaks, he pushes his hips further into hers, and with a low groan, he gives up on holding it. Her jeans become a lot wetter as he starts pissing his own, and she can feel the sudden rush of warmth, glad to be getting soaked all over again.

It’s not secret that everything Piers does turns her on, and she feels like she discovers something new every day that she wants to do with him. After spending years dreaming about him and fantasizing about him, the only thing that really surprises her is that she did not think of all of this sooner. But as she steps back from his embrace and inspects the stain left on his white jeans, she is glad they at least made this discovery tonight.

And then he has his arms around her, pulling her right back against him, and this time, it is to kiss her, hungry and possessive. Yeah, she’s definitely glad they discovered this tonight, and though she can’t wait to see where they go with this in the future, right now, she is completely content to keep living in the moment.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

