O before P

Author: Zee

*000*2022-01-24 10:09

Ace warning: contains oral sex and intercourse

Long time reader, first time author. Hope this is okay.

O Before P

“C’mon, I’ve been holding it all day! When are you gonna let me pee?!” she whines.

“Not for a while yet… you know how much I love to watch you squirm” comes his reply.

“I like to hold but this is getting crazy. No, not getting crazy, it was crazy hours ago!” She sighs as she rocks back and forth sitting on her knees, one hand rubbing her crotch through her panties. After a brief silence, she scoots closer to the couch where he is seated and runs a hand slowly up his thigh. “If I make you cum will you let me go?”

He doesn’t answer. She slides his boxers down freeing his stiffening cock as the smirk on his face turns into a sly grin.

Looking into his eyes she asks “What do you say? You get your release and I get mine?”

“Deal. You can pee after I cum. But not a moment sooner!”

Wasting no time she strokes his dick with one hand while holding herself with the other. She spits on the tip and spreads it around with her thumb. “I know exactly how you like it. I’ll be peeing in no time.”

“I don’t think so. I’ll be doing some holding back of my own.”

Confident in her ability she chuckles and delicately licks the length of his shaft before taking it into her mouth, massaging his balls with one hand and stroking him with the other. So turned on, he tenses his thighs and digs his fingers into the seat cushions, and tries to think of anything but the beautifully bursting woman in front of him, wishing to prolong her bladder torture.

Suddenly she stops, lets out a gasp and holds herself inside her panties, rocking side to side with frenetic energy. She stays this way for a minute before regaining her composure.

"Did you leak?”

"… No. I don’t think so. Maybe a little.”

She continues to rub herself, in equal parts for pleasure and to keep her bladder under control. With the worst of her urge past, she stands up and takes off her panties.

“Woah! Just look at you!” he exclaims.

Nineteen hours and numerous beverages separate her from her last pee break, and every bit of it shows, her belly so round and swollen. A concerned look appears on her face as she looks down and traces the outline of her bladder with her fingers. “I seriously *have* to go. You really won’t let me? Please??” Standing there in awe, he had never seen her so full before.

“No. We had a deal.”

Overcome with lust and no longer satisfied being a passive recipient, he slowly enters her from behind, giving her time to acclimate before thrusting, gently at first before picking up the pace.

“Anngn! Hnnn!!” she moans through clenched teeth in a combination of pleasure, pain and excitement.

He stops for a moment, reaching around to feel her bowling ball of a bladder, giving it a light squeeze.

“Ahh! Stop!” A two-second jet of pee splatters noisily onto the floor.

“Naughty girl!” he gives her ass a couple spanks and resumes thrusting.

“Hrrrrn! Hnngh. Bubb…. Buh— Bubblegum! BUBBLEGUM!”

He immediately stops and pulls out.

“I can’t take it anymore!!” A couple more quick blasts hit the floor.

Running as fast as you can with a boner, he fetches a jug from the restroom. “Wait! We have to measure this!!”

He holds the container under her and she immediately begins to pee. And pee. And pee.

As her stream finally lets up, she takes the container from him and lowers herself to the floor on all fours. Moments later, she resumes peeing, almost as forcefully as before. Finally empty, she lays on her back and rubs her lower belly. “Phew!”

“You okay?”

“Yeah” she says, a little out of breath.

“Let’s see… just a hair under 1.9 liters! No wonder your belly was so big. Imagine that, half a gallon of piss inside you.”

“I don’t have to imagine it, I’m still feeling it!”

“Ouch. Did I go too far?”

“No, you’re okay. I could have stopped you sooner.”

“You’re incredible babe.”

“So are you. But I’m not sure I want to take it that far again”

“Noted.”

He helps her up off the floor.

“Now, where were we?” she says with a wink.

