The Money Exercise (An Original Story)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-03-30 14:41

A/N: A gift story for vexer6 because he has bought several commissions from me and is my most loyal customer. Sapphire3619 also wrote something for this prompt, so check hers out if you like mine!

Miss Blake was a junior high social studies teacher who was well-liked by the school, seeing as she was young and the type who brought in new ideas. On one particular day, she had planned a special event to teach her seventh graders about the value of currency. For that day, they were excused from their other classes and would instead report to the gymnasium, which had been converted into a fake shopping center with booths set up and run by older students from her other classes.

The students would be given a set amount of fake bills and would be able to spend it at the boots on food, drinks, bathroom passes, and various knickknacks made by the art students. She was excited for the day, as she thought that the idea was creative and fun, and that the kids would like it. And, of course, the students were excited because it would be an easy day, free from classes.

Three friends, Nancy, Andrea, and Bri, were no exception to that rule. The girls had been close friends for years and planned to spend the day hanging out together during the event. As soon as they got to school, they met up and went to collect their money for the day.

They were given a total of thirty dollars each in the fake bills, and since they hadn't had breakfast, knowing that they could buy food there, they first went to a booth selling donuts and orange juice. They each spent five dollars, getting a donut and a drink for themselves.

After having their breakfast, the three girls roamed around, looking at the other things. They were quick to spend some of their money at one of the art booths on three identical bracelets, a goofy reminder of the day. After that, they passed a booth with some ice cream punch that they decided to try and, after realizing that they loved it, they got a second glass to sip on as they wandered the rest of the room.

They passed time looking at stuff and chatting, and before they knew it, it was time for lunch. A booth had opened in place of the donut booth, selling slices of pizza and sodas, so they headed over to get that. By this point, they were almost out of money.

“I can't believe we ran out that fast,” said Bri. “We've still got the whole rest of the day to kill!”

“I know, it's crazy,” Andrea replied. “What do you think we should spend the last of our money on, though?”

“I don't know about you guys, but I really want some more of that punch we had this morning. It was so, so good!” Nancy said.

The others agreed and they went back to that booth, spending what little bit of their money remained on the punch that they had loved so much. It was just as they were finishing up their last glasses that the three realized a little flaw in their plans.

“I kinda have to pee,” said Andrea. “Maybe I shouldn't have wasted my money on that...”

“Yeah, now that you mention it, I sort of have to go too,” agreed Bri, looking uncomfortable. Nancy didn't respond, but they could tell by her facial expression that she too was regretting their decision to not pay for a bathroom pass even once that day, but they were just so used to being able to go for free that they hadn't thought about it twice.

“It'll be fine,” said Bri, after a long pause. “I mean, we're halfway through the day, right? We can make it till the exercise is over, right?”

“Of course!” Andrea said. Nancy nodded, but she looked somewhat terrified at the prospect of having to hold it.

~X~

At first, it did seem like their minor inconvenience would stay minor, and that they would have no trouble waiting until the end of the day. However, the soda they had had at lunch began to make it's way to their bladders, filling them up all the more and all the quicker. Before long, they were each following their own method for making it more bearable; Andrea was very obviously fidgeting and squirming, Bri was tapping her foot a bit, and Nancy had her thighs tightly clenched, trying to look discreet about it.

“I feel like I'm gonna burst,” said Andrea with a laugh, even though, on the inside, she did not think this was a laughing matter.

Bri nodded and Nancy managed to look even more uncomfortable, if such a thing were even possible. The end of the day seemed years away, and yet they had to wait. They really wished they hadn't spent their money so quickly, especially not on all those drinks they had had.

Nancy in particular was panicking. She had always had a weak bladder, and was incredibly shy about anything relating to it as a result. One too many pre-school accidents had made her terrified of ever being in a situation like she was in now, and she could kick herself for not thinking this through. She had just been having so much fun with her friends...

Her lack of willingness to do anything that might indicate how desperate she was began to affect her negatively. If she crossed her legs or grabbed herself, she might stand a better chance of holding it, but she refused and that was her downfall. She tried to ignore the first few spurts of liquid, but soon they began to form dark patches on her jeans and she felt tears well up in her eyes as it began to spread down.

Her friends turned to her as soon as they heard the splashing of her piss on the ground, and looked on in sympathy and horror as she wet herself. Tears slipped down her cheeks, which were bright red from her humiliation.

“It's okay,” said Bri, patting her on the shoulder. “We had a lot to drink today, and we couldn't go to the bathroom. You didn't have a choice!”

“But I still should have been able to hold it,” she said in a quiet voice. For a while, her friends tried to comfort her, as well as tried to keep others from seeing what had happened to her, but soon their attention had to be drawn back to their own needs.

“I'm gonna wet myself too, I just know it,” said Andrea. “Seriously, I have got to pee sooo bad.” To further emphasize her point, she jammed a hand between her legs and hopped around in place, not caring who saw her. She was getting closer and closer to losing control just as her friend did, but she fought against it with all of her might, dancing around and biting the inside of her cheek.

“I can't hold it, I really can't,” she said in a strained voice.

“Sure you can, it's not much longer till the end of the day!” said Bri in an encouraging tone, though she now had her legs tightly crossed and would press a hand to her crotch every now and then to try and stop any leaks she felt.

“No, I really can't,” she said in defeat, suddenly going still and removing her hands so that her friends could see the dark spot spread over her pants. Bri panicked, the pressure of being the last one left making the pressure on her bladder that much worse, and Nancy felt guilty for being briefly happy that she was not the only one to wet herself that day.

With just fifteen minutes left to the end of the day now, Bri was counting down in her head. As soon as the final bell rang, she would bolt straight for the bathroom, no questions asked. But the real question was if she could even make it for that short of a time. Both of her friends had already lost that battle, and she felt very close to losing it herself.

She urged herself on, but every sharp spasm she felt caused her to leak some more, until she knew that she had a dark spot on her pants that she would not be able to conceal even if she made it. It was becoming futile, but she squeezed her eyes shut, grit her teeth, crossed her legs, and concentrated with all she had.

It was all for naught, though, and she was doomed to meet the same fate as her friends. She sighed in a mix of frustration and relief as she felt her pants become flooded, splashing onto the floor and creating a third puddle where she and her friends stood. It felt fantastic to finally be emptied out, but she had been so close to making it and it was humiliating to think that she hadn't.

And, to add insult to injury, the bell rang just as soon as she had finished. The three friends sighed, and began trying to shuffle out of the gym without being seen by anyone. If anyone did see them, they at least didn't say anything, and the girls were grateful for that, until they were finally stopped. Worst of all, it was Miss Blake.

“Girls, what happened?” she asked, concerned.

“We ran out of money,” said Andrea. “Didn't have any left to go to the bathroom.”

The teacher blinked, then laughed a bit. “Oh, girls, the exercise wasn't that important! If you really had to go this bad, you know you could have just asked.”

