Accidents, but in love (A My Hero Academia Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-12 18:15

Shoto is trying not to think about the fact that he has to pee. He has never been very good about admitting to his needs, though he tries not to think of the source for that problem, even though he definitely knows exactly what it is. It doesn’t really matter what the source is, when the result is the same: him, never able to tell anyone when he has to go, too shy to go to the bathroom if he is hanging out with someone else.

For a while, he has been looking forward to today. He and Momo have gotten a lot closer lately, and they are pretty much a couple, in everything but official name. Today, he is going to her house after school, and he never meant to be in a position where he had to pee this badly while walking with her, but here he is, unsure of how he is going to get out of this without telling her that he has to pee.

He is good about going when he has a break at school. Though he would never ask to go during class, he always goes when he needs to if there is a break, no exceptions. All of that is specifically so that he would not end up in a position like this, but of course, on today of all days, he found himself busy during every break, reminding him of the downside to making friends in his class, rather than keeping to himself. With someone talking to him, he can’t excuse himself, because he finds himself in the same position that he hates so much, and then, the end of the day was upon him, and though he tried to get out of the classroom quickly, to go to the bathroom and meet Momo outside of the school, she caught up to him quickly, and then he couldn’t bring himself to excuse himself before they left.

Now, they are walking to her home from the station, and he really has to pee, so much so that he is getting really nervous, trying to hype himself up to ask where the bathroom is when he gets to her home. As much as he hates to have to do that, in a situation like this, he knows that he can’t hold it until it’s time for him to go home, no way, so he’s going to have to get over this now.

But, with each step he takes, his desperation continues to grow, as do his nerves, and he really does not know how he is going to pull this one off.

At the same time, Momo is starting to get nervous about her own problem. She knew that she should go to the bathroom before leaving school, but she was so excited to catch up to Shoto and head out with him that she didn’t want to waste a single second, and so, she decided she could hold it until she got home. Unfortunately, it seems that she overestimated just how much she could hold, because now, she is quite desperate.

Not only that, but she is starting to realize just how embarrassing of a situation she has gotten herself into. The first time that she is ever bringing Shoto alone to her home, and she is going to humiliate herself by running off to the bathroom as soon as she gets there? Somehow, she doesn’t think that is going to make a very good impression at all, and so, she wishes that she had just gone at school, instead of getting carried away in how excited she was.

Maybe she can take it slow when she gets home. Maybe she doesn’t even have to pee as badly as she thinks that she does, and everything is going to be fine. No matter what, she just doesn’t want to embarrass herself in front of Shoto, when the two of them have made so much progress, and she has wanted to get to this point with him for so long. There is a voice in the back of her mind that tells her he isn’t the sort to make fun of her for needing to pee, or to think any less of her for such a human need, but still, there is that part of her that can’t get past her hangups. She just needs to play it cool.

And so, the two of them continue to fret over their own needs, both of them oblivious to the fact that the other is essentially worried about the same. If one of them might speak up about things, then it might be a bit easier, but of course, neither of them will, because neither of them can tell that the other is struggling, or that they need some sort of break.

It is a hopeless situation all around, and Momo does not remember the walk from the station being quite this long, but today, it feels like it is taking forever, and that each step she takes just further jostles her bursting bladder, making it so hard for her to focus on anything at all. Fortunately, Shoto does not seem much for conversation right now, and though normally, she would worry that he was bored with her, right now, she is just glad that she does not have to try and think of anything to say, when she needs to focus as much as she can on her bladder.

At the same time, Shoto is grateful that Momo is not trying to talk to him right now, because he is not sure if he would be able to think of a good reply. The two of them are truly a hopeless pair, and made all the more hopeless by the fact that neither can tell that the other is struggling, or that they don’t need to worry about being vulnerable around one another to begin with.

At the very least, Momo is finally home. As soon as she is in the door, she has to fight the overwhelming urge to bolt for the bathroom, reminding herself that she needs to take it easy, to play it cool. However, she is definitely bursting by now, and knows that there is not a chance in hell that she could hold it until it’s time for Shoto to leave. That just isn’t an option, but what is she going to do? Maybe she could make an excuse, and leave him in her room, and stop in the bathroom on the way?

That idea sounds good, so she sticks to that. Shoto follows along after her, and as soon as they are in her room, she says, “How about I go get us some tea?” Even talking about getting something to drink seems like a terrible idea right now, but whatever it takes to get her out of this room. “You can wait here, and make yourself comfortable,” she adds.

“Alright,” Shoto agrees, and she is relieved that her plan is going so well.

What she does not realize is that Shoto is planning as well. At first, when he hears her mention tea, he nearly whines out loud. The thought of drinking something like that, when he is already completely bursting, seems like a terrible idea, but when he realizes that she will be leaving him alone, then he decides to go along with it. After all, it will take her a few minutes at least to get some tea, which should give him plenty of time to go to the bathroom and head back to her room.

On their way to her bedroom, he paid attention to his surroundings, and he knows of at least one bathroom down this long hallway, one where the door is open, so it’s impossible to miss. He can find it without having to ask her where it is, and he can make it without having to worry about wetting himself. Relief washes over him, though his heart does race a bit, now that he has admitted his real fear to himself.

He didn’t even want to think about it as a possibility, but he was always going to wet himself, if he didn’t find a way to get to the bathroom on time. Now, he can think about it a little bit, because he at least knows that it is not going to happen.

As soon as he thinks Momo has disappeared down the hallway, he gets up, and opens the door to her bedroom. He thinks that he has given her enough time to get to the kitchen, not realizing that she was just stopping by to let her family’s personal cook know that she needed some tea for her guest, and was then turning back around to hit the bathroom while she waited for the tea to be prepared. Neither of them realize that the other is coming from the other direction, nor do they realize that the other is in just as critical a situation.

Because they both realize at the same time that this is too urgent to wait a moment longer. Momo leaks in her panties while she talks to the cook, and Shoto feels a small spurt escape as he is standing up and getting ready to leave her room. Both of them are too far gone to think about anything other than hurrying to the bathroom, before it is too late, and so, neither of them are paying very close attention to where they are going, which results in Momo and Shoto colliding just outside the bathroom, both of them falling to on their butts.

And so, they both lose control of their bladders at the same time. It is too much for either of them to take, and before they can do anything about it, Shoto and Momo are both wetting themselves, both gasping out in horror as they try to stop it from happening, completely in vain.

Momo could not be more mortified as her panties are quickly soaked through, a puddle growing beneath her, her skirt pushed up so much from her fall that all of this is on full display. At the same time, Shoto is more humiliated than he has ever been in his life, watching the dark stain spread across the crotch of his uniform pants, until he has his own puddle forming. In fact, they are both so worried about their own humiliation that they do not even notice what is happening to the other at first.

But once they look up at one another, they gasp again, this time in concern, and in perfect unison. For a moment, neither Shoto nor Momo thinks about their own problems as they begin worrying about the other, until they realize the other is actually staring at them right now, then they are right back to being humiliated again. Needless to say, this goes on longer than it needs to, but eventually, the two of them are able to make a little bit of progress, at least in terms of getting up off the floor and trying to clean the mess in the hallway, before anyone in the house sees it.

Then, they disappear into her room, so that they can figure out what to do about their wet clothes, both determined to make sure that no one finds out about their accidents, and even more determined to help protect the dignity of the other. It will take some time for the humiliation to wear off, or for either of them to be able to properly discuss what has happened here, but at least it is clear that this has not driven the two of them apart, but rather, brought them closer together in their relationship.

A lot closer, but it will also be a while before either of them is ready to admit how strange they felt, the moment they realized what was happening to the other, or what that says about them.

