Between control and collapse (A Hazbin Hotel Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-23 13:59

A/N: Mutual desperation and wetting, with some sexual content at the end. Valentino has a coochie in this.

All day long. That shouldn’t be so intimidating- Vox probably wouldn’t be able to count on both hands how many days he has had absolutely no chance for a bathroom break. However, he never went into those days expecting to have to hold it for that long, and simply faced things as they came to him. There is something different about knowing that he has to last all day, especially when he can’t even take it too easy on himself.

Otherwise, Val would be bored, and that’s the last thing that he wants to deal with.

It is always so easy to use how difficult Valentino can be as an excuse for why Vox goes along with just about anything the other man manages to drag him into, but, in the back of his mind, even he knows that it isn’t just that. But it is easier to use Val as an excuse, rather than facing just how much he enjoys pretty much everything he ends up dragged into, and he will always prefer that to being honest with himself. It is only when all is said and done, or even in the heat of his arousal, when the two of them have thrown everything else aside, that he can forget every reason he has to deny himself any and every pleasure either of them could crave.

Still, can anyone blame him? It is so much easier to pretend that he’s holding his piss all day long just to please Valentino, rather than admit that he actually rather likes the pain, likes when he starts to sweat, when he starts to wonder if he is even going to be able to…

The instant a thought like that enters his head, he tries to shove it right back out. He tells himself quickly that he has no reason to worry about this in the first place, but then, he feels a twinge of pain that lets him know things are starting to escalate. Of course, he’s going to be able to hold it, he assures himself, and he’s simply doing it for Val’s sake, to satisfy yet another entry on his partner’s seemingly endless, constantly shifting list of “absolute favorite kinks.”

He doesn’t tend to admit to sharing many of those.

The fact remains that, for the rest of the day, this need is going to be nagging at the back of his mind, no matter what he’s doing. In that way, it fits Val to a tee- the perfect way to make sure that he isn’t forgotten for a second that day, even when he isn’t around to throw a tantrum, should he decide Vox’s attention has started to drift away. It’s a damn good thing that said tantrums have helped him perfect his ability to multitask, or else he wouldn’t be able to focus on work at all, for the way that his bladder keeps throbbing.

It’s all just a matter of performing, of doing everything he can to mask this need.

~X~

Valentino’s mood swings are familiar to anyone who has to work with him, and it’s commonly known that his mood tends to swing more between irritability and outright rage when it comes to dealing with most of his employees. The way he occasionally taps his foot, or the way he huffs with frustration when no one can quite pinpoint what it is that has set him off…none of this seems out of place, but the truth is, there is definitely something different going on today.

The whole ordeal was Valentino’s idea, but he doesn’t seem to care about that right now, while cursing just how full his bladder is. He has a hard enough time putting up with shitty talent on a good day, let alone when he’s dying to piss. There’s definitely a thrill to holding it all day, or else he wouldn’t have suggested it in the first place, but that thrill comes with a lot of very inconvenient pain, and that pain is more inconvenient than thrilling when he’s in the middle of work.

He’s stiff, he’s tense, and he can’t wait for the day to be over, so that he can let it all out while Vox is fucking him into the mattress. There’s no doubt in his mind that he will be able to last until then, but it is still going to be an absolute pain until then. He can only hope that the pain and anticipation make it all the more worth it, like he was banking on when he started planning this.

For a little while, he lets his mind wander for a bit, and think about how Vox must be handling this. There is no way he isn’t struggling at this point, probably doing exponentially worse than Valentino is right now. He can just imagine his partner, doing his best to keep his movements in check, his voice level, perhaps just slightly more frantic than usual. Nothing that he would let anyone detect just yet, but Val would be able to tell, if he were there.

That would certainly be a lot more fun than his current position, barking orders at wannabe stars, because apparently he’s the only one who actually knows how to direct around here. It might even help him take his mind off the pressure in his own bladder, to be able to tease Vox about his, but instead, he has to be patient. Something that he’s never thrived at, and the more his bladder catches his attention, the harder it is for him to keep waiting this out.

Not because he’s that desperate to piss or anything, though. Just because he is that eager to watch Vox fall apart over his own needs, to be able to see just how hard it has been for his lover to manage this challenge, and to see how desperate he is. He’ll probably be begging, voice distorted and screen display struggling, and Valentino can hardly wait.

~X~

On the surface, Vox is unshakable. He keeps his voice sharp, his words quick and cutting, his face animated with that particular brand of charisma that makes even the dullest corporate meeting into a performance worth tuning into. His screen hums faintly with the usual static and flickers of light, hiding the way sweat beads at his temple.

But behind the polish, he feels it- deep, persistent, heavy. His bladder presses against him in a way that makes every movement deliberate. He’s careful not to lean forward too far in his chair, careful not to cross his legs in front of an audience. Even standing comes with a calculated pause, his movements smooth and steady so no one sees the stiffness in his frame.

Every step feels like he’s walking on a tightrope.

The problem is, Vox knows his body too well. He knows that it’s early still, that this is just the warning stage, but it already feels like pure torment because he’s so hyperaware. Because Valentino asked it of him, because he agreed, because the knowledge that he can’t piss is the one thing making him so desperate to do it. It’s psychological warfare, self-inflicted.

He has no one to blame but himself for being such a willing participant.

Halfway through a meeting with advertisers, Vox feels a sharper pang, so sudden that his voice stutters just slightly on the edge of a word. He disguises it as a glitch, his screen pixelating with an artificial pop of static. No one notices, or if they do, they don’t dare question him. He pushes on, turning the conversation back to contracts and audience reach. But it’s harder to focus when he’s this aware of himself.

He shifts his weight in his seat. A calculated pause. Clears his throat. Smiles like nothing in the world could be wrong. Inside, his body throbs with every tick of the clock. He pictures Valentino, somewhere else in the building, just as full, just as tense. It’s not comfort— it’s fire. It makes him want to last, makes him want to prove himself, makes him want to show Val that he can hold out all damn day, that he won’t be the one to fold. If Valentino gets off on watching him sweat, then fine, he’ll give him a show.

Still, Vox can’t deny the thoughts sneaking in at the edges. What if he slips? What if he loses control in the middle of a broadcast, or a deal, or- while not worse in any optics way, certainly it’s own special brand of humiliating— in front of Valentino before the night’s even begun? The humiliation alone makes his thoughts buzz, a flash of dread mingling with something else he refuses to name.

He adjusts the brightness of his screen, casting the room in a sharper blue glow to distract from how tightly he’s gripping the arms of his chair. He laughs at something one of the advertisers says, smooth and charismatic as ever. Inside, though, every second feels heavier.

If this is only the beginning, then tonight is going to be brutal.

And, though he’d never admit it— not to Valentino, not to anyone— Vox can’t fucking wait.

~X~

If Valentino was agitated a few hours ago, that’s nothing compared to now. He can hardly hold still, so he’s taken to a frustrated pace, up and down and across studio floors, sometimes trying to use pacing to distract himself, while usually going straight back to thoughts about how badly he wants to have a bathroom break right now. Every time it occurs to him, his frustration grows tenfold, until it is an extreme effort not to tear apart every unfortunate actor or crew member that crosses his pass.

His bladder has grown so full, so overwhelmingly heavy and needy, that he can think about nothing else. Somewhere deep down, the thrill is still there, but this growing frustration and agony is so, so much easier to drown that out with. Between short walks and even shorter yelling fits, his fists clench and unclench, his pants feeling tighter by the second.

Though it is perhaps the worst choice he could make, Valentino has to ask, with each passing moment, whether or not he is really going to be able to last. If all the desire and teasing, all the promise and anticipation, is finally going to catch up with him and snatch this victory away from him. He's better than this; he can hold it, no matter how long it takes. If only he had been just a little more cautious with what he drank at lunch, then he wouldn't be so damn close to losing control right here and now.

He passes by a set that he isn't even directing on, focusing in on the scene before him to try and shut out the agony from his bladder. Despite only looking for a moment, he can already find fault- easy enough, when he's looking for something to take his mood out on.

"Cut!" he demands, stepping in without a care for the talent trying to make do their best for once in their goddamn lives. "You call that enthusiasm? This is a professional production, you cocksucker, if you can't even nail the most basic moan, then just get the hell off the set. You're the fifth person to try, if someone doesn't nail it within the hour, I don't care if we have to recast you with a sex doll, we'll move on. It'll still be one hell of an improvement compared to you. Fuck, I swear, half of your face is literally drool. Idiot..."

None of the cast or crew present are allowed to meet his eyes, flinching at his words, knowing just how easily he can direct their fates. All the while, his bladder continues to pulse, overfull with the weight of everything he has everything he has yet to release. He feels a sharp twinge when his actor gets up, storming off set and whining that his agent is going to hear about this, though Valentino does not even pretend to care.

~X~

By the time he can finally leave the last obligation of the day, Vox is wound tighter than any broadcast cable. His performance mask hasn’t cracked once all day, but the second he’s alone in the back of his limo, there’s no one to perform for except himself. The door shuts with a thud, the tinted glass blurs out the city, and only then does he allow the smallest exhale.

It doesn’t help.

The pressure hits him immediately, like it’s been waiting for the chance to slam forward the instant the spotlight was off. His bladder pulses so sharply that his entire body stiffens, a rush of heat crawling across his circuits. He has to plant both hands on the leather seat beside him, willing himself not to fold forward, not to grab at his crotch like a toddler.

He tells himself that it’s fine, that he’s done worse. He tells himself that of course he can hold it an hour more, even longer, that he’s not going to fuck this up. But the limo isn’t merciful; every bump in the road, every sudden brake, every sway of the suspension feels like a direct assault.

He checks back to a text he received from Valentino not long before leaving work. It was simple: HURRY THE FUCK UP AND COME HOME. It’s not unusual for him to get pissy- Vox would laugh if that weren’t such a terrible idea right now- when he’s impatient for something Vox has promised him after work. That’s probably all this is, but still, he can briefly entertain himself with the idea of Valentino on the verge of pissing his pants, begging Vox to come home as quick as possible so that he isn’t the one to lose control.

It would be a comforting thought, but imagining Valentino’s bladder bursting just serves as future temptation for Vox’s own. The closer they get to his tower, the more unbearable it becomes. He can see it out the tinted window, neon lights blazing his logo across the skyline, and his bladder throbs in sharp reminder that relief is just up there, just a hundred floors away, waiting at the end of Valentino’s smirk. The thought makes him shudder.

When the limo finally pulls up, he takes a moment before stepping out. He can’t afford to stumble, can’t afford to look anything less than composed. Cameras sometimes linger near the building entrance, waiting to catch a slip in his polish. He won’t give them one. Vox straightens his suit jacket, puts on his best media friendly smile, and walks forward like he owns the pavement itself.

Inside, though, it’s a countdown clock.

The elevator greets him with its gleaming chrome and low hum, far too slow even as the numbers tick upward. He presses the button for Valentino’s floor, hand steady, but his body betrays him- weight shifting from foot to foot, thighs tightening, the faintest tap of his heel against the floor. He clenches his teeth hard enough to cause a ache.

Every floor is agony, and every stop for another passenger feels like a punishment designed specifically for him. He keeps his screen bright and flawless, his voice crisp when he mutters a quick “evening” to anyone bold enough to make eye contact with him, but inside he’s burning alive. His bladder feels ready to tear him in half, and the worst part is knowing that he is so close to the end of it all.

When the last passenger leaves, he’s alone at last. His composure falters and he grips the rail at his side with enough force to cause denting, doubling over just slightly as another wave of desperation crashes through him. His face glitches, a faint buzz of distortion that would’ve given everything away if anyone were watching.

By the time the elevator dings at Valentino’s floor, Vox is trembling with the effort of keeping it together. His entire body is alight with pain and need, and yet, he still straightens his suit, still smooths his screen into that confident smile.

Because Val can’t see him crack in the hallway.

Vox walks the hall with perfect strides, each step sharpened by sheer willpower. His screen glows steady, his suit immaculate, every line of him screaming control. It’s a miracle, considering that his bladder is screaming the opposite. He stops at Valentino’s door, presses his palm flat against it just to brace himself for a second. He wants to casual, even though, inside, he’s about to burst.

He turns the handle, at last, and there Val is. Not lounging on silk sheets; not draped in theatrical ease. No- he’s standing in the middle of the room, practically dancing in place.

It’s humiliatingly, hilariously juvenile: his hips swing in short jerks, one set of arms crossed over his crotch with both hands dug in tight, the other pair of fists clenched at his sides. He shifts from foot to foot like the carpet is on fire. His sunglasses are askew, his mouth twisted in a snarl that doesn’t hide the panic edging his voice.

“Finally!” Valentino snaps, bouncing in place. His tone is high-pitched, his voice coming out a whine. “Do you know how fucking long I’ve been waiting? I’m dying here, Vox! I’m— fuck—” He cuts off with a sharp inhale, legs crossing hard.

Vox just stands in the doorway, every inch of him ironclad composure, even though his insides are screaming. He lets his gaze drag over Val’s trembling body, the way he’s openly grabbing himself like a brat denied too long. It’s absurd. It’s pathetic. And it’s everything Vox wanted to see, better than he ever could have hoped for.

Val stomps a foot, cheeks puffing. “Don’t you fucking smirk at me! This is your fault! You said we were doing this, and now…now I’m gonna piss myself like a goddamn kid if you don’t—” He bends double, whining through gritted teeth.

Vox chuckles, only to find himself flinching- laughing still isn’t a good idea. He has to force his composure, but he does his best to make his voice level, smooth and taunting. “Temper, temper,” he drawls, stepping inside and shutting the door behind him with a soft click. “What’s the matter, Val? Not enjoying yourself?”

Val whirls on him, eyes wide behind his crooked shades. “I’m two seconds away from pissing my pants, that’s what! You think you’re so cute, taking your sweet-ass time-” Another squirm, thighs rubbing, his whole body twisting with the effort not to leak. He groans, biting his lip. “I can’t-”

Vox takes a deliberate step closer, towering confidence masking his own trembling. Every inch between them shrinks like the coil of a spring. He can feel the pressure building past breaking, knows Val must be in the same state. But there’s no way in hell he’s letting Valentino see him falter first.

That means that he really needs to move things along, so he continues with, “So? What was it you wanted to do? This was your plan, so why’d we both hold it all day?”

"Because it's supposed to be way hotter when I hold it longer than you, and..."

Here, Val nearly loses it for good. No sense of swagger or confidence can support him against the truth- the fact that, if he even tried to wait any longer, he would not be able to hold on. He bounces in place, huffs and puffs, whines and gnashes his teeth. He rocks his hips in a poor attempt at distraction, thighs crossed, anything to keep from losing it entirely.

"Well, we'll see about that," Vox replies. His voice stutters a bit, his own composure faltering more by the second. He's trying to remain smug- he has every right to be smug, considering the situation- but his attempts to keep his outer cool when his situation is already this dire are getting to be impossible.

"Get to the bed before one of us wet ourselves and doesn't get the show we came here for," Vox snaps.

Letting slip a desperate squeak, Val dashes to the bed, struggling with his fly the entire time. Vox is one step behind him, shaking and shuddering, legs wobbly, his composure crumbling with every passing second. It feels like the very fabric of his system is tearing down the seams, and the agonizing journey seems to take forever.

Valentino manages to get his pants out of the way somehow, but even when he's on the bed, his legs are tight together, squeezing against a pair of his hands. He's grinding his cunt against his hands, almost bouncing, and not making a damn bit of progress.

"Come on, come on," Valentino begs, writhing where he sits, flushed and flustered. "Hurry up! I can't wait anymore!"

Vox climbs onto the bed with all the grace he can muster, but every movement is stiff, jerky, betraying how close he is to losing it. He hovers over Val, screen flickering with static as he tries to look in control, but his thighs tremble and his hands grip the sheets hard enough to nearly tear them. His cock strains against his trousers, unbearable pressure everywhere at once, and in his frantic haste he hasn’t even thought to undo them. His hips press down, his body aching for both relief and release, and Val’s laugh bursts out sharp despite his own desperate writhing.

"How.. how are you going to take me with your pants still on?" Val pants, mocking, voice cracked and whiny with need.

"Stop talking and just...ohhhh, fuck...I can't...!" His body jerks, caught between pride and the breaking point. and a spurt of piss escapes him, staining the front of his pants. The hiss is brief but sharp, the dark stain spreading down the fabric before he clamps down with a violent shudder.

Val’s eyes go wide, his smirk snapping back into place even as he’s curling in on himself with his own fight. “Oh, no way,” he cries, breathless, squirming hard. “You actually- Vox, you actually pissed yourself!” His laughter breaks on a whine, his hips grinding against his own hands. “You lost it first!”

“Shut the fuck up,” Vox snarls, static rattling across his screen. He’s trembling, mortified, furious at himself-yet another spurt breaks free, warmth running down his thigh despite how tight he squeezes every muscle. His voice glitches, cracking into a stutter as he pants through clenched teeth. “I…haven’t…lost…”

Another spurt, longer this time, forces him to bend at the waist, his screen distorting wildly. His suit pants are clinging to him now, wet spreading in uneven rivulets, and the humiliation only makes the pressure spike harder.

Val writhes, gasping, nearly shrieking when his own bladder seizes in sympathy. His cunt clenches around nothing, and he slams a fist against the sheets. “Fuck, watching you- it’s gonna make me-” He rocks against his hand, eyes squeezing shut, one leg kicking helplessly. The bed creaks beneath them as they both twitch, pant, tremble- one already leaking, the other seconds from exploding.

Vox jerks forward with a strangled growl, his hands clawing uselessly at his soaked crotch as another spurt bursts free, hotter and heavier this time. He tries to cut it off, but his body is shaking too hard to obey. His knees buckle against the bed, and he half-collapses onto it, trembling like a leaf.

That sight alone is enough to drag Valentino over the brink. His whole body seizes, every muscle in his gut twisting as his bladder finally overpowers him. He lets out a guttural cry, half a moan and half a snarl, and the flood breaks loose. Piss gushes out of him in a rush, spraying hot between his thighs and soaking the sheets in an instant.

Vox’s pride shatters right alongside Val’s restraint, his body giving in entirely, and the torrent pouring out of him. His whole body jerks in relief so sharp it feels like agony, his screen glitching with every convulsion. They’re both undone, both caught in the humiliating ecstasy of release at the exact same moment- Val writhing in the puddle he’s made of his sheets, Vox trembling on hands and knees beside him as the piss streams down. For a few staggering, endless seconds, there’s nothing but gasps and moans from the two of them, sounds of raw relief.

When at last it slows, Val flops back onto the soaked bed, sunglasses lost at some point during all of this, chest heaving. He barks a laugh, breathless and wild. “Ha…ha…fuck. Told you it’d be hot,” he pants, shivering.

Vox glares at him through the fading distortion of his screen, a dull ache still settled low in his stomach. His ruined pants cling heavy and dark to his legs, but even as humiliation burns him alive, he can’t hide the thrum of arousal beneath it all. His voice is low, glitched, rough: “You’re a fucking disaster, Val.”

Val grins, sharp and shaky, spreading his legs wider in the drenched sheets. “Takes one to know one.”

“This wasn’t even what you said you wanted to happen.”

“Don’t care,” he practically sings. “It was hot, and you still pissed yourself first, so I still won!”

“I…that’s not…it was at the same time, Val!”

“Are you forgetting the part where you were pissing yourself for, like, a full minute before me?” At this point, it’s obvious that Valentino is just baiting him. Still, it’s bait that Vox is all too willing to take right now, so he gives him exactly what he wants. This time, he at least remembers to gets his pants out of the way.

Once he has Val pinned, laughing, delighted, in the soaked mess he made of their sheets, Vox jerks his cock against Val's dripping cunt, his arousal shiny and slick in the dim lighting. Without hesitation, he drives his cock inside, all the way to the hilt in a single, harsh thrust.

Val arches off the bed with a moan, his voice rising up towards the ceiling. Vox doesn't give him time to recover, snapping his hips forward and setting a punishing pace. The scent of urine and sex mixes together, filling the room, and Vox's inner wires sizzle with a thrill of filthy triumph. He pounds Val with everything he has, ruthless, his screen flickering with static.

"How's this for hot?" Vox growls, his tone low. "Do you like the way my dick fills you up after your little performance? You were so desperate, Val, so fucking weak. I can't believe it- a goddamn Overlord reduced to this."

"Keep talking," Val whines, his nails raking Vox's back hard enough to leave scratches. His legs wrap tight around Vox's waist, pulling him in deeper, demanding more. His insides are hot and pulsing, clenching down on Vox's cock like a vice. Regardless of what he's planned, Val has clearly gotten exactly what he wants.

"You're...you're such a fucking brat," Vox snaps, his voice scraping, torn between elation and anger, lust and fury, pride and desire. Everything is blurred, their entire relationship always a tangle of two opposite extremes, and each thrust sends a current through him, pleasure rushing faster than any word of mockery can strike.

Val cries out, arching his spine, thighs squeezing tight around Vox's waist, unable to stop his laughter even as his orgasm tears out of him. He spasms, cunt contracting and wringing Vox's cock mercilessly, shuddering and throwing his head back. It's enough to rip Vox past the edge, his own release rolling through him like a shock, bursting from him with a grunt. He grinds himself deep into Val's core, letting the contractions suck him dry

Slowly, the tension unravels, a second wave of relief. Their panting breaths fill the room, the haze subsiding. Vox remains above him, letting a moment pass before groaning and relenting, flopping down onto the mattress beside him and not caring at all that he's landing on the wet stain.

"Guess that was fun," Vox mutters.

"Told you," Valentino responds, a proud, ragged wheeze. "We should do it again sometime."

“Absolutely not.”

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

