A first, and far from a last (A Hazbin Hotel Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-06-22 14:21

Vox has had to piss for hours.

He would say it became urgent an hour or two ago, but urgent implies he won't be able too hold it much longer, and here he is. Still holding it. Somehow. All the same, he's nearing his limits faster by the second, and unable to keep up any sort of front. Thank fuck he's nearly alone, and doesn't have to keep pretending everything is business as usual.

But apparently, that's exactly what things are, because what could be more business as usual than Valentino, somehow finding a new and exciting way to fuck up his whole day?

That’s probably a rude way to describe Val waiting for him in his room, clearly looking forward to seeing him, but he’s not feeling particularly polite right now. There are some days when Val waits for him sulking, days where he doesn’t wait but is expecting Vox to come find him, and days where Valentino simply couldn’t care less, and is nowhere to be found. Vox doesn’t always wish for the latter, but today is one of the occasions that he really wishes that Val had a new fixation to obsess over, rather than to be right here, clingy and eager for all the attention he can get.

Instead, he’s right here, huffing and pouting as if Vox is late for a date that they never planned, because, once again, he just shows up unannounced and expects the world to revolve around him all the same. So often, Vox comes home to find his room empty and, while every now and then, Val is ignoring him to push for his attention, he is as equally likely to be so busy that he doesn’t have a spare second to spend on Vox in the first place. Why, now of all times, has he decided that tonight is the night he wants all his partner’s attention?

If only it were as simple as pushing past him to head for the bathroom, but Valentino is upon him so fast that that’s out of the question, and he’s already clinging so tight that it not only adds additional pressure to Vox’s bladder, but also ensures that there is no getting away from the other man. And, with four hands wandering his body, it seems that he’s in danger of getting caught up in something so lengthy and involved that there’s no way he’s going to be able to keep holding out. As much as he hates to do it, he knows that he has to speak up, and he has to do it now, before things spiral entirely out of his control.

“Stop it,” he groans, as he tries to wriggle out of Valentino’s grasp, to no avail. “It’s been a long day, I need to-”

“If it’s been a long day, then you need to unwind with me,” Val insists, not allowing him a chance ton finish sentence. “So, stop squirming, we both know you want this.”

That’s not exactly why he’s squirming.

“No, if you’d fucking listen-”

“There’s no need to get rude with me-”

“I’m trying to say that I really need to piss right now!” Vox finally snaps, and, at last, that seems to be enough to get Valentino’s attention. “So, how about you let me go, and when I come back in just a minute, we can do whatever it is you’re after tonight.”

“That almost sounds like a fair deal, but I still feel like you’re being rude to me, so I don’t think I’m going to take you up on that,” Valentino replies in a cheeky tone, his grip on Vox tightening all the while.

“The fuck do you mean I’m-” Vox starts, but he catches himself before he lays into the other man too much. Instead, he sighs to ground himself, and says, “I’m really not trying to be rude to you right now, Val. So, how about you just let me go real quick, and I’ll spend the rest of the night making it up to you? How does that sound?” It’s a pretty dangerous gamble, promising Val an entire night at Vox’s beck and call, but right now, his bladder is throbbing and his underwear are damp from a few desperate leaks, so he’s willing to take that risk.

“Hmm…no, I don’t think so.” Valentino doesn’t even take a moment to consider it, before he’s already made up his mind. To emphasize his point, he tightens his hold, and Vox lets out a pained groan. “I think I want to watch you squirm for a little while~”

Of course he does.

“I really don’t think I have much squirming left in me, before I…” he trails off, not able to bring himself to finish such an embarrassing sentence. But, seriously, he is at his absolute limit right now, and if Valentino doesn’t stop fucking around, he’s going to end up pissing himself, and he’d sooner die a second death than do that right now, when he’s already so close to a bathroom.

“Then why don’t you just piss in my mouth?” Valentino suggests, in such a casual tone, yet one that sends electric shivers down Vox’s spine all the same.

“Oh, so that’s what you’re after,” he mumbles. It doesn’t matter that they’ve never done this before; Vox still feels like he shouldn’t be surprised that this is where things were going. And he knows that, when Valentino wants something, he gets it, and, even if he felt like laying down the law, he’s not sure if he could actually make it. He’s not about to decline that offer, then immediately piss himself, when he knows damn well he would never live that down.

“Come on, Papi, I’ve been nothing but good all day long. Don’t I deserve to pick a reward for that?”

“Have you ever been good a day in your afterlife?” Vox counters. But, then, he sighs and says, “Fine, get on your knees. And make it quick.”

“That bad, huh?” Val teases, but at the very least, he does as he is told. He’s so eager he can’t hide it in his expression, and even if Vox weren’t absolutely bursting right now, he has to admit he’d be eager either way, just seeing that look on Val’s face. And, once the much taller man is on his knees and looking up expectantly, Vox can’t get his pants unzipped soon enough.

Even before he starts to lean forward, Valentino wraps his tongue around his cock, so eager to invite Vox into his mouth. Vox rests a hand on the back of his head and tilts his hips forward, and even if he were to start having second thoughts- which he isn’t- it would be too late. He can’t even try to keep the flow slow and steady, and instead has to hope Valentino can keep up with the way it all starts gushing out of him at once. Well, serves him right if he can’t, since he was the one who pushed so hard for this.

And, fuck, it feels so good, after trying to hold it back for so long. He arches his back, can even feel his toes curling in his shoes, and he can’t help the low, indulgent moan that escapes him. Val is moaning as well, even more indulgently, as this is the best kind of treat for him. This is just what he wanted, and Vox can feel him swallow it down, his mouth and throat working around him as he lets it all out. It's not as if it's too much for Valentino, but still, he is already trembling by the time Vox is halfway finished.

Once the flow stops and Valentino pulls back, there is a trail of drool running down his chin, and his eyes are glazed over, like this was exactly what he needed, and like he could hardly ask for a better reward. Vox is still a little shaky, but, fuck, does he feel so much better now. It’s not as if he wouldn’t have made it, had Val not stopped him and squeezed him so much in the first place, but he still decides to mumble his thanks, like Val actually did him some kind of favor.

“But you’re not done yet, are you?” he asks. “That’s not all you want.”

“Of course not, you know me,” Valentino replies, as he begins to lean forward again. Without missing a beat, Vox grabs hold of him again, and slams his hips forward this time. There’s no need to be gentle, as he gives into growing desire and starts to fuck Valentino’s face. Not only can his partner take it, but this is exactly how he wants it.

And, of course, Vox would be lying if he said that seeing Val on his knees, drooling and thirsty for his piss, didn’t get him all worked up. It’s a first, but he’s pretty sure it’s far from the last time this will happen.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

