I Can`t Pee More Than 10 Times or I`ll Die?! - Page 2

Author: Zentou

*028*2023-11-24 08:19

{{7 hours ago, Cy_The_Fox said:

Is this still active?

}}

It’ll get worked on eventually. But due to me changing my focus to other non-omo projects and how I would say, “getting high on my own supply” with this story, it’s currently isn’t super high priority. I plan to release one more chapter as soon as it’s done then finish the last half of story all at once and release the chapters on a drip feed.

*033*2024-02-04 07:12

Chapter 6: Failing Foundation

Tyria saw flashing images in her head. The sea looking out to the Mushroom Falls, a lonely worn-down fishing hut, and a huge coliseum filled to the brim with cheering people. Then a shadowy figure sat menacingly on a throne in an unknown room.

“They have a stranglehold on the city.” said a mysterious voice. “There is no longer a way in nor a way out.”

Tyria then fell out of the dream through a spinning tunnel of colors before being shocked awake on the bed. She sat up breathing heavily. All the girls and Lance were sleeping soundly, their breaths soft and easy. Tyria noticed that Meliay was cuddling closely with her with her hip, drooling slightly with a soft smile. She peeled her arm off her body and threw her blanket off. Her eyes widened. Everywhere, the entire bed had been drenched. The puddle had all spread out evenly from one location, her crotch.

“Guys!” Tyria shouted. “Get up right now!”

###

“Damn it damn it damn it!” shouted Meliay, pacing back and forth between the narrow hall. The rest of the group sat in a line on the bed. Tyria and Lance both looked concerned. Dagalin spent her time gently shaking Faminelli awake by her shoulders. “Why did this happen?! Tyria never wet the bed like this!”

“It’s been a few stressful days.” said Lance. “Maybe she had a nightmare?”

“No, I had a vision,” said Tyria. “Just like every other time I've… peed myself.”

“No need to be embarrassed anymore, Tyria.” said Dagalin. “We’ve all done our fair share of peeing ourselves.”

“You are not helping!” shouted Meliay.

“And being mad about something you can’t control is helpful?” asked Dagalin.

“Guys!” said Tyria. “Can we please just figure out what’s going on?”

“Okay, alright.” said Meliay, rubbing her temples. “What could cause Tyria to suddenly start wetting the bed. I mean she hasn’t done this since she was 4!”

“Maybe she's sick?” suggested Faminelli. “She was drenched in water and pee and spent an extended amount of time out in the cold.”

“I definitely don’t feel sick,” said Tyria. “No fever, no headache, and my nose is clearer than most days.”

“Could you have sleep walked? Maybe you had one of those dreams where you tried to use the bathroom?” said Meliay.

“No way,” said Dagalin, “She would’ve had to step over us to get to the bathroom.”

“And again, visions,” said Tyria.

“Then maybe your bladder actually did fill up all the way with pee?” said Dagalin.

“That’s impossible. I slept without even feeling the need to pee.” said Tyria.

“I still like my dream theory!” said Meliay.

“Yeah, like saying it over and over is going to make it any more true,” said Dagalin.

Lance scratched his chin. “Wait, maybe that’s it.”

“What is?” asked Meliay.

Lance stood up. “It’s not that some freak accident caused this. It’s because of her accidents!”

“And that means what exactly?” asked Tyria.

“You had three accidents before this one, right?” asked Lance, pointing to her.

“Yes.”

“And for all of them, you held to the brink of your limits, right?”

“Yeah, except for the 3rd one. That one was your fault.”

“Yes, I take the blame for that one. But don’t you see what all these back to back accidents are doing to you?”

Tyria’s expression was filled with horror. “W-Wait, I thought the more I held to my limits, the stronger I would get.”

“No Tyria, that’s not how it works.” said Lance in a chilling voice. “You’re not getting stronger, you’re getting weaker.” The group all looked to Tyria with shocked expressions.

“N-No, that can’t be right!” said Meliay, “There has to be something else!”

“The muscle she uses to hold in her pee is the same as any other muscle.” said Lance, grabbing a pencil and drawing a visual on the wall. “If you work out that muscle, it gets sore. You let that muscle rest for a day or two, then it comes back stronger than before. I know because… I work out. But, if you have a particularly bad workout regimen, one would maybe workout the same muscle every single day for as long as they could. Without rest, you’d tear that muscle to shreds. And guess what Tyria’s been doing?”

“Her muscles are failing,” said Faminelli grimly. The group contemplated for a moment.

“So what do we do?” asked Dagalin.

“We need to prepare,” said Meliay. “Come up with a plan, gather as much equipment as we can, and blitz through this city. We absolutely cannot stay here!”

Faminelli raised her hand. “Actually, could we get a chance to wash our clothes? I’m sure all of ours are still damp with pee on them. We could even make a plan while they’re being washed.”

“But who’s gonna wash them?” asked Lance. All the girls stared at him.

###

Lance got thrown out the front door with a basket of everyone’s clothes. “Wait! I-I don’t even know how to wash bras! And where am I gonna find a wash panel?!”

Dagalin stood in the doorway, now sporting a black t-shirt and gray sweatpants. “Either use the one in the back or pay for a laundering service at an Inn. Good luck!” She slammed the door in his face and patted her hands clean. “I hope you guys don’t mind the new threads.”

Tyria and Meliay moved around the living room, putting on the same exact attire Dagalin had. “I wish this friend of yours had just a smidge of variety in his wardrobe.” said Meliay, trying her best to ignore the fact that Tyria was going to wear her clothes fully commando.

“Better than chafing our legs with damp clothes.” said Tyria, fitting her legs into the sweatpants.

“I wear a skirt though…” said Meliay.

“Then it won’t smell.”

“Yes! I found some!” said Faminelli from the bathroom. “He had some wrap in the medicine cabinet. Dagalin, can you help wrap this around me?”

Dagalins eyes practically sparkled. “Sure thing!”

“Why not just wear a shirt?” asked Tyria.

“No! Shhhhhh! Don’t ruin this for me!” said Daglin in an aggressive whisper.

“Oh, that’s because Threaddy works best when it is in contact with as much of my skin as possible.” said Faminelli.

“I guess…” said Tyria. Dagalin skipped her way to the bathroom, biting her lip on the way.

“I never got to ask Tyria, but how are you holding up?” asked Meliay.

“I think Lance was right.” said Tyria, putting one leg over the other. “I feel it, but there's no pressure. I feel like I can’t use my full strength. I’m already close to using a hand.”

“But at that rate, you wouldn’t make it for more than a day or two!” said Meliay. “There has to be a way! Maybe Dagalin can make you more of those potions.”

“Fat chance.” said Dagalin from the bathroom. “I don’t even know the ingredients I made them with.”

“You didn’t take notes?!”

“Do I look like a note taking girl?”

There was a sound of ripping fabric from the bathroom. “Hey! Where are you touching!?” shouted Faminelli. With a loud smack, Dagalin barreled out of the bathroom and hit the wall. Faminelli walked out, now sporting wraps around her breasts once again as well as the same gray sweatpants. “I know for sure girls do not do that in locker rooms.” she said, walking back down towards the living with her thumb pointed behind her.

“I was just… making sure you knew.” Dagalin said, trying to play it off. “Regardless, I still think that there’s a simpler solution to all of this.”

“How?!” said Meliay, holding the sides of her head. “I keep trying to hold myself together and every option just seems like too little time!”

“Tryia’s predicament is similar to that of fatigue, is it not?” asked Dagalin. “And for people who crawl through dungeons, how do they deal with their fatigue?”

Meliay sighed, knowing that the answer had been so simple. “A health potion.”

“Yes!” said Dagalin excitedly. She instinctively reached behind her back for her cloak, but realized it wasn’t there. “No… I left my cloak with Lance.”

“We shouldn’t use your potions anyway,” said Meliay. “You and that Varnspydir powder. If she drank that, It’d be no different than not drinking one.”

Dagalin shrugged. “The powder is diluted in the potions compared to the cloud we ran through. You remember, like a cup of coffee.”

Meliay crossed her arms. “What about the numbing effect?”

“Shouldn’t last for any more than 15 minutes. It’s only bad if you decide to drink one of my potions while already needing to pee.”

“But Tyria is already weakened, won’t that get stacked on top?”

“She’ll get healed before the numbing takes effect.”

Meliay sighed and paced around the room for a moment. “No, I’m just gonna buy one off the shelf.”

Dagalin scoffed. “I just told you it would work!”

“I don’t care! I don’t trust that Varnspydir stuff.”

Dagalin slumped against the wall and threw her hand up. “Fine then. Let’s go buy one with all that Lyobie we don’t have.”

Meliay froze. “Tyria? You brought some Lyobie with you right?”

“Uh, I sort of left in a hurry.” said Tyria, scratching the back of her head. “I didn’t have time to go back home to get any. Don’t you always have some on you?”

“I thought we were going to tackle that mission.” said Meliay, “I packed only the essentials since they were gonna provide the meals. Lance is probably in the same situation I’m in. What about you two?” she asked, pointing to Dagalin and Faminelli.

“I mean, I have an allowance.” said Faminelli nervously, “At least, I hope I still do…”

“And everything I owned was in that cloak.” said Dagalin, drawing shapes in the air with her fingers. “And most of that was definitely not Lyobie.”

“Shit…” Meliay looked as if she was a caged wild animal. “T-Then, we can do a quick local quest. People are always losing their cats, surely there’s something we can do real quick.”

“Yes, let’s start with a literal goose chase.” said Dagalin with a smile.

“Well at least I’m saying something, Dagalin!” shouted Meliay. “We need to do something.”

“And we will.” Dagalin said, finally getting up from the floor. “I was just suggesting that we don’t chase cats, okay?” She clasped her hands together and looked over everyone. “I say we split up again. Tyria and Meli will check local taverns for any easy quests we can do and I’ll go with Elli to find Lance.”

“Why do we need to do both at once?” asked Tyria.

“Because I had this engineer friend once and he told me that redundancy makes any plan good. Plus, we’re probably gonna need a boat to reach the Mushroom Falls. And last I checked, you need Lyobie to get on those.” Dagalin opened the front door.

Faminelli hesitantly moved towards her. “Wait? Right now?”

“Well yeah. We need to move for Tyria’s sake after all.” Dagalin grabbed Faminelli’s hand and tugged her through the door. But before they left, Dagalin poked her head inside. “And Meli? I wouldn’t sit around worrying for too long. Unless you wanna do nothing while waiting for us.” she said with a smug smile before closing the door.

Meliay scoffed. “You would DARE insinuate that I’m the one doing nothing?!”

“Meliay, I’m sure that’s not what she meant.” said Tyria comfortingly.

“Yeah, my ass. I’ll show her.”

“This isn’t a competition.”

“I know it isn’t!” Meliay grabbed Tyria’s hand and tugged her to the door. “I just got something to prove.”

“Meliay! Wait!” said Tyria, feeling her control slippery slightly. The two quickly vacated the house and went straight into town.

###

Meliay scanned the messily scattered quest papers pinned to the board of the nearest Tavern they could find. But she only grit her teeth in disappointment. She quickly tore off several of the easiest she could find and quickly walked them over to the table Tyria was sitting at. She was reading the tavern guidebook of local monsters.

“You doing okay?” Meliay asked.

“It’s getting bad.” said Tyria, subtly pressing her legs together under the table. “My muscles just feel so weak that it feels like I have a leaky pipe. I can already feel it right at the tip.”

Meliay put a hand on Tyria’s shoulder “Just hold on a while longer. Look,” she spread out many quest papers across the table. “Mandrakes uprooted themselves and are causing havoc in the house. 250?”

“Pfft, cheap ass. Next.” Tyira said dismissively.

“Mean kids busting up this dude's property. He wants us to show them what for. 1,750?”

“Probably someone who’ll hire us in secret so that he can shift the blame on us when the parents come asking. Next.”

“There’s a Varnspydir infestation in the sewers north of town. And since the city is currently having a shortage of workers, they’re looking for adventurers to do it for them. 400 per head we bring back.”

“Normally that would be really good, except for the fact that I can’t really be near any Varnspydir’s at the moment.”

“No! That’s the thing. I can just go down there myself and take as many as I can.”

“I can’t let you do that!” Tyria slid her book over to Meliay and pointed to the picture of a Varnspydir. It had 8 sharp looking legs, vicious fangs, and bright yellow accents around its body. “These things' power levels are measured to be over 9000 when in a horde of 4 or more. And we’re barely over 3,500 together the last time we got evaluated.”

“But Tim was totally underestimating us! We kicked ass on that test and he gave us that shitty rating. It’s just a number, Tyria. And I don’t know if you noticed,” Meliay brought out her staff and jutted out the spearhead, making it glow red hot. “I’ve gotten a lot stronger since then.”

“Still though. I’d wouldn’t like to test our threshold while having a predicament like mine.” Tyria snatched another quest paper that Meliay had under her elbow. “What’s this? ‘My son has been leaving the house everyday at the same time saying that he has had a job. But I worry that he is actually going to a more… suggestive location’.” Tyria and Meliay looked at each other. “Strip club.” They both said. Tyria continued on. “I would like someone to follow him discreetly and tell me where he is going. Please show up between 1:00 to 4:00 and knock on the door 7 times. Be sure your acting skills are at least sub-par levels.”

“For 750?” asked Meliay. “It can’t be that bad.”

“We’re not exactly equipped for espionage…”

“Well, there’s a first time for everything. It’s 12:50 now. And if the son leaves, it shouldn’t take more than an hour.”

“Then we’ll take it. Let’s go.”

The two stood up, but then out of nowhere, a jet of pee shot straight out of Tyria’s urethra. “Oh my god!” she exclaimed, quickly bending over the table.

“Tyria! What’s wrong?!” Meliay asked.

Tyria could feel the pee right at the tipping point. Her weak muscles clenched as hard as they could, but they just couldn’t get closed all the way. “I-I just… I can’t-!” Tyria yelped and quickly shoved her hands underneath her pants, holding her pee hole directly. She stood straight up and she put as much pressure on her crotch as she could. Meliay saw that the pee had shot directly down Tyria’s sweatpant leg and her body washed with dread.

“Whoa, is that lady touching herself?” asked a bystander.

“By god, such indecency!” said another.

“I think I’m kinda into it…”

Meliay ignored the mixed reactions to Tyria’s predicament and grabbed Tyria, hurting her towards the door. Before heading out, Meliay grabbed a gigantic handful of napkins from the Tavern Counter and hurried out the doors.

“What the hell happened?” asked Meliay. “If you need to go really bad, you should’ve told me!”

“I-I don’t!” said Tyria, still straining to keep her pee in. “It just kinda slipped out! I didn’t even feel it coming!”

“God, this was worse than I expected.” said Meliay, pulling Tyria into the nearest empty alleyway she could find. Tyria leaned against the wall, legs crossed and hands on her bare crotch, holding for dear life. “Come on Tyria! I know you can do it! Just hold until the wave passes!”

“It wasn’t even a wave! It was like the cork just got pulled out!” Tyria gritted her teeth and continued holding. She felt the tingly feeling of pee building up near the tip of her pee hole. “It’s not passing! I can’t let go! I think… I’m gonna-!”

“No you’re not!” said Meliay, “Move over!” Meliay swung around and slid between Tyria and the wall. She dipped her hands into Tyria pants and applied her own hands to Tyria’s pee hole.

Tyria blushed heavily. “Meliay! What the hell are you doing?!”

“We can do it together!” Meliay said. “Now on 3, ready? 1, 2, 3, HOLD IT!” The two put an astronomical amount of pressure on Tyria’s pee hole. Meliay went as deep as she could. Slowly but surely, Tyria can feel her pee subsiding. After a moment, she was able to remove her hands.

“Oh my god.” said Tyria, breathing heavily. “I didn’t think I was gonna make it.” After a moment, she realized Meliay’s hands were still down her pants. “Uh Meliay? I’m okay now…” she said with a blush.

“Oh! Sorry!” said Meliay, quickly yanking her hands away. She hated to have done this though. Tyria felt just the same as she remembered down there.

“How did you know that would work?” asked Tyria.

Meliay shrugged. “I didn’t… I just kinda… did what I hoped would work.”

“Well, thank you for figuring that out.” Tyria said with a smile.

“Yeah… Anyway, let's fix the other issue.”

“Huh?” Meliay pointed down to the wet streak on Tyria’s sweatpants. “Oh right, I have no panties so there was nothing to catch the stream.”

“That’s why I got some of these.” Meliay took out a handful of napkins from her pockets.

“W-What I supposed to do with those?” asked Tyria.

“Stuff ‘em down your pants.”

“Huh?!”

“You’re quite vulnerable right now. Who knows when you might randomly lose control. So stuff these down your pants to catch any more streams that may escape. Might work for a little bit and keep your pants clean so the public doesn’t have to see.”

“I mean… it’s better than nothing I guess.” Tyria proceeded to stuff the napkins down her pants, making sure to thoroughly layer it thick around her crotch. After a minute or two, Tyria tied her pants strap tight and twirled around. “I-It doesn’t look like I’m wearing a diaper, does it?”

Meliay closely inspected the crotch of Tyrias sweatpants. “No, I think you’ll be okay. The pants are baggy enough to hide.”

“Oh thank god.” Tyria said with a sigh of relief. “I’m feeling better now. Shall we continue to the place we’re supposed to do the quest?”

“Of course, I’ll lead the way.” The two walked out of the alley back into the busy street. Tyria however, could already feel her control slipping again as her pee slowly made its way down her urethra once more

###

“Is this the place?” asked Tyria.

Meliay held up the quest paper, lining it up with the house behind it. “Sure looks like it.”

Calling it a house was… generous. It seemed more like a poorly built shack. Its wooden planks were rotten and spaced with wide gaps between them. The attempted remedy for this was to drape the interior walls in tarp. The building was so old that every building around it was made of brick and mortar. It must’ve been a classic case of stubborn tenants. Despite the possibility of gaining huge amounts of money due to this shack being across the street from the open ocean.

“How are you holding up?” Meliay asked.

Tyria massaged her crotch subtly. “Hanging in there. Just trying not to make any sudden moves. It feels like a broken faucet down there.”

“We’ll try and settle this quick.” Meliay knocked on the door. “Hello? We’re because of the quest you posted?”

The door immediately, revealing a crude, short older woman with an angry expression. “Hush now!” she said in a whisper. “Did you not read the instructions I sent?!”

“Oh! We forgot… um… could you spare us a cup of sugar?” said Meliay with an unconvincing smile.

The woman gave a disappointed sigh, looking at the girls up and down. “Two girls in pajamas. Are you really capable?”

“Uh… our armor is in the wash.” said Tyria, “Plus, wouldn’t it be less suspicious of us to be here in casual clothes than our battle gear?”

The woman pondered for a moment. “Fine,” she said slightly louder, “I’ll get you your sugar. Please, make yourselves at home.”

The two walked inside to see the world's smallest kitchen. A small table, two chairs, shoddy cabinets on the walls, and a pipe stove. Tyria and Meliay took their seats, their chairs creaking heavily. Just as the woman opened her cabinet to look for sugar, a young teenage boy came out of the other room, fitting his hand into a shirt sleeve.

“Okay Mom, I’m gonna head out.” His eyes focused on the girls, “Who’re they?”

“Neighbors,” the woman said, “Asking for a cup of sugar.” The girls waved politely.

The son gave a confused look. “Sugar? From us? They could’ve gone to any other house on the block, but instead they decided to ask us for our ant infested sugar.”

The woman slammed her hand on the cabinet. “Do not speak about us in such a way like that!”

“You can’t hide from what is true, mom. Anyway, I gotta go. See you at 10:00.” He swiftly left the house and slammed the door hard.”

The woman sighed. “I’m so sorry about him. We did have a real house before. But his father got caught in a storm 100 miles off the coast 3 years ago now. They never found him or the boat. And no boat meant no fishing and no fishing meant no money. Now we’re reduced to this. Living within our supply shed. Sold everything just to fit inside. Since then my boy has been bitter about our circumstances.”

“I’m very sorry to hear that,” said Tyria.

“But that’s what is worrying me. He… started becoming more driven to get us out of this poverty hole that I fear he may be taking drastic measures.”

“What kind of measures?” asked Meliay.

“Odd jobs, gambling, loans, I don’t know what specifically. I just have a sense that whatever he’s doing is dangerous. And I’d hate to see my boy go down that path.” The woman pulled out an old and dusty shoe box. She opened it and took out everything inside. “Please, I know I don’t have much, but this is all I have. All I want to know is that my son is safe.” She held it out to the girls, but Meliay gently gently pushed it back.

“It’s okay, we’ll do it.” she assured the mother. “May we have your name?”

“Beni. And my son’s name is Fest.”

“Beni, I’m Meliay, and this is my best friend Tyria.” Meliay explained, “I’m assuming you don’t take much quests?”

“No, why?”

“Because the way it works is that we do the job first, then we accept the payment. Hold onto it for now, I’m sure you’ll need it for later.”

Beni stepped back sheepishly. “Ah… very well.”

Tyria had subconsciously tuned out their conversation. Her need rose again. She exhaled quietly through her teeth as she rubbed her legs together tightly, hoping to silently tend to her faulty urethra.

Meliay continued. “Could you tell us where your son goes?”

“Down north Kiviti and Lomenay. After that, I’m not sure.” Beni explained.

“And just to make sure, has your son ever told you what he does exactly?”

“Bits and pieces. Said he was part of some delivery and customer service schtick.”

“Cool.” Meliay stood up and politely bowed. “Just leave this to us, Beni. We’ll be sure to report back on your son as soon as possible. Tyria, let’s go.”

Tyria snapped out of her trance. “Oh, y-yeah.” She scooted her chair back, big mistake. The violent vibration not only sent an irritating screech through the room, but rattled Tyrias bladder enough to let a few drops leak out. “Shit!” she said aloud, standing up quickly. But this only worsened her situation more as another, bigger leak shot straight in the tissues in her pants. She could feel them absorbing the liquid and weighing down slightly on her pants.

“I-Is something wrong?” asked Beni, startled.

“It’s no problem.” Tyria said with a strained smile, “Really, I just- AHN!” Another leak shot into the tissues, spreading a soggy warmth through Tyria’s inner thighs.

Meliay desperately tried to come up with an excuse. “O-Oh, don’t mind her. She’s just uh… going through some serious withdrawal symptoms right now.”

Beni looked concerned, “Withdrawal? Is she gonna be okay?”

“She only stopped about a week ago. And you know, I-I’m just so, so proud of her for taking the first step towards recovery.”

Beni sighed. “Well, I’m not one to pry. Will you two need a minute?”

“No! We’ll just get out of your hair. Thank you for having us, okay bye!” Meliay rushed Tyria out the door, much to the confusion of Beni.

As the two hurried down the street, Tyria whispered in Meliay’s ear, “Withdrawal?! That’s what you came up with?!”

“I panicked, okay?!” Meliay whispered back, “Would you rather I say you were about to piss all over that poor lady’s floor?”

“I’m not sure what you came up with was that much better!” Tyria pondered for a moment. “You stole that from one of your books, didn’t you?!”

“Eh, we don’t have to talk about that…” Meliay shook her head. “Anyway, what about you? Why’d you suddenly break down in the middle of her kitchen?”

“I was trying to hold it and I wasn’t paying attention to what was going on. When you said we had to go, it sort of startled me and I moved without thinking.”

“Are you able to keep it together? Do you need help?”

“No, let’s just hurry up and fix this. I’m tired of feeling like I’m walking on eggshells. Let’s just get a potion right now.”

“How…?” asked Meliay. Tyria held her head down guiltily. Meliay immediately stopped. “Tyria no! You promised you wouldn’t!”

“What other option do we have, Meliay?” Tyria asked, clutching her crotch. However, the soaked tissues squelched as she unintentionally squeezed the pee out of them, dampening her pants. She quickly took her hands away and crossed her legs back and forth like a seesaw. “I for sure can’t make it until the end of the mission!”

“But to go back to stealing?! You and Lance said you would never do it again.”

“My life is on the line, Meliay. And it will just be one little potion, the cheapest one I can find. You don’t even have to get involved.”

Meliay turned away and crossed her arms. “I-I still don’t like it.”

“Meliay… I’m gonna die again unless I do it. You wouldn’t rather have that happen again, would you?”

Meliay tapped her finger frustratedly. “Augh! I hate this! I hate all of it! Why do I have to make decisions like this?! It’s all so ridiculous.”

“Meliay…” Tyria said sadly.

“Can I try one thing?” Meliay asked desperately. “I think I might know a way to get you a potion without stealing one.”

“Yeah, you think so?”

“Yeah! Let’s try!” Meliay led Tyria down the street towards the nearest shop.

###

“How many times do I have to say lady? The answer is no!” said the clerk, clearly no older than a teenager.

“Please! I promise to pay you back later today!” Meliay begged, clasping her hands on the counter. “My friend is really sick and needs one right now!”

Tyria stood close behind her, subtly trying to keep her pee at bay. She could feel it slipping down through her like a leaky pipe.

“Shouldn’t you go to a doctor for that?” the clerk asked skeptically.

“We did and we have a prescription for specially brewed health potions. But we ran out on the road. A regular potion should do just fine, just for not as long. Please, could you at least spare one small bottle?”

“I’m sorry about your friend. But rules are rules, and I can’t lose another job.”

Tyria gasped. Another jet of pee spilled out of her with little resistance. She grabbed Meliay’s shoulders and clenched her eyes desperately. “Meliay… I-I can’t! It’s coming!”

“Just hold on a little longer!” said Meliay. “Just one! That’s all I need! Just one!”

“Lady, once I give you a free one, everyone else will start asking for free potions. Then we’re out of business.” The clerk leaned in close to Meliay’s face. “So PAY… like everyone else.” Meliay gritted her teeth, barely containing her anger.

Tyria whimpered. She held as hard as she could, but her muscles were so weak that they barely put up a fight against the upcoming flood. She clutched Meliay tightly as the pee snaked its way towards the very tip of her pee hole. “Meliay, I’m sorry!” She could feel it. Her pee came out as if all there was to hold it back was saran wrap. It leaked in rapid drops and her already broken dam began to let everything flow out no matter how much she tried to keep it together.

“Just what in god’s name is all the commotion out here?” asked a stout old man, stumbling over to them. Tyria was startled enough to seal her pee hole, but she could still feel it trying to peak out at the very tip.

“Rowdy customers, as usual,” said the clerk.

“I need a potion to help my friend, but we don’t have money on us at the moment. Please, could we just have one of your cheapest?”

The old man gave a jolly smile. “Why of course! Why would I deny my services to two of the most beautiful ladies I’ve ever seen?”

The clerk sighed. “You say that to every cute girl that walks in here. This is why your business barely breaks even, gramps.”

“Thank you so much, I’ll pay you back, I swear!” Meliay said, grabbing a potion.

“Oh don’t sweat it honey! Your looks are all I need!” the grandpa said.

Meliay groaned in her mind and ignored him. “Here, Tyria. Drink this.” she said, undoing the cork and handing her the bottle.

“I…I can’t!” Tyria said with a strained squeal. Her entire body was as stiff as a board with every muscle in her tired body trying its best to hold back the pee at its very last line of defense. “I-If I move…I’ll-! Mmnh!”

“No…” Meliay said in distraught. But then an idea came to mind. “Wait, Tyria! Hold your head up!” Meliay put her fingers under Tyrias chin, raising her head. “Now drink.” she said, holding the bottle up to her soft red lips. Through her incredibly strained expression, Tyria forced herself to open her mouth and drank the potion Meliay fed her. Slowly but surely, it’s glowing red juices drained away. Being the cheapest potion, it tasted like raw ingredients and was chunky. But Tyria felt the effects immediately.

Her desperate need rapidly grew more under control. She allowed her body to relax gradually as the urge was pushed back further and further. The relief was euphoric. But just then, a high pressure jet shot right out of her pee hole, forcing Tyria to double over with a yelp.

“What happened!” asked Meliay, “It worked didn’t it?!”

Tyria cleared her throat. “No! I’m okay. Just squeezed out what was already in there. I can hold the rest back no problem.”

“So you’re okay?”

“Yeah.” Tyria said with a smile.

“Yeah?!” Meliay asked with tears in her eyes.

“Yeah!” Meliay couldn’t contain her excitement and gave Tyria the biggest hug she could.

Tyria gasped. “Whoa! I’m happy too, but I’m still holding on, remember?”

“Oh!” Meliay quickly backed away. “S-Sorry…”

“It’s fine, I’m okay for now.” she said, rubbing her stomach. Her need to pee had reduced to that of a noticeable twinge. Not ideal, but it was a lot better than where she was a minute ago.

“Huh? I never thought I’d find you guys all the way out here.” said a voice outside the shop. Dagalin and Faminelli walked in with shaved ice in their hands.

“Dagalin, Faminelli! You’re both here!” said Tyria.

“Damn girl, you look exhausted.” said Dagalin, “The heck happened?”

“A lot… to say the least.” Tyria said with a chuckle.

“Huh?! Is that the cute, tight, skinsuit lady I know so well?!” the grandpa asked, weaseling his way towards her. “Dagalin! You should’ve told me you were back in town! I’ve been missing those girls ever since you left! Oh ho ho ho ho!” He made a gesture at Dagalin’s breasts. “Why are you wearing such boring clothes like that? Baggy pants, a t-shirt? I thought you barely wore anything else?”

Dagalin growled. “Ugh! You’re the same as ever!” she said, kicking him in the side. The grandpa collapsed to the floor with a wheeze. Dagaling then started stomping on his back. “How many times do I have to tell you to act like a normal goddamn person!?”

“Ow! Ow, I’m sorry! Please forgive me!” the grandpa said, covering his head.

Faminelli took a bite of her shaved ice. “Strange, I thought you were a pretty ‘expressive’ person, Dagalin?”

“This geezer wouldn’t know what personal space was even if you planted it in his brain!” she said, kicking in the face, sending him across the store against the wall.

The clerk sighed. “I apologize for that. Just another reason why he sucks as a business owner. The only people that visit are dudes nowadays.”

“Sounds like he’s a handful.” said Meliay.

“You wouldn’t believe it.” the clerk said in a bored tone.

“Whatever guys, let’s just get out of here.” said Dagalin, taking a bite out of her own shaved ice.

The grandpa reached out. “Wait! Before you go…”

Dagalin glared at him. “Choose your next words wisely, old man.”

“I mean no foul! Since you’re here, I’m just wondering if you met back up with Andy?”

“Andy?” Dagalin asked.

“Poor boy got suspended from the force after you left. He must’ve been pretty distraught. He started arrestin’ folk left and right fer the most minor of things. Eventually when petty misdemeanors dried up, he started to go after people with loose connections to petty crimes. Eventually a family came forward and said what he was doing was racist against a certain group. Bogus from what I know of the boy. Regardless, the station dropped his ass faster than you could run so they wouldn’t sue. But he’s disappeared since then.”

Dagalin looked concerned. “Disappeared? When?”

“‘Bout 4 months I think.”

Dagalin pondered for a moment. “Thanks.” she said simply before heading out of the store in a hurry.

“Huh? Dagalin?” Faminelli asked, following her. Tyria and Meliay shrugged shoulders at each other and followed them as well.

###

The girls had sat on an outdoor restaurant bench. Dagalin and Faminelli finished their shaved ice and were discussing what happened between them.

“Kiviti and Lomenay?” asked Dagalin, “That’s way the hell out there from where he lives. Though I guess he wasn’t really in a position to be picky with what he could get.”

“Is there anything special out there?” asked Meliay.

“Not really, just office buildings and boring stuff like that. It is curious though. A fisherman's son getting a cushy desk job? He doesn’t have any experience so it would’ve been hard for him to get anything over there.”

“Just more questions, huh?” said Tyria, “How about you two? You manage to get our clothes back?”

“No,” said Faminelli, “The tavern Lance went to was packed and instead of going to a different one, he waited an hour and a half in line and we got there just as he gave them up to the laundry lady. She said due to the high traffic, it would probably take until the end of the day.”

Tyria chuckled. “Classic, stubborn Lance.”

“I’m still stuck on what that old man said.” said Meliay. “Who’s Andy, Dagalin?”

Dagalin frowned. “He’s the guy who’s house we’re borrowing. An old friend of mine, like I said. Nothing to worry about.”

“I may not know much, but it sounds like you left him hanging and now he’s sad. Don’t you wanna at least check up on him?”

“You’re right… you don’t know much.” said Dagalin. Meliay sighed, hearing her message loud and clear.

“So, when should we go after Fest?” asked Faminelli.

“Why should we?” asked Dagalin. “We got Tyria her potion, why not look for a ship instead?”

“Because we still don’t have Lyobie, Dagalin,” said Tyria. “If we wanna hitch a ride, I’m pretty sure they’ll expect some kind of compensation. And I’d rather not resort to offering the only other thing we have up to those grimy sailors.”

“What’s that?” asked Faminelli.

“Our bodies,” Meliay said plainly.

Faminelli grasped her shoulders. “Ew no!”

“Hence why we’re gonna do the quest instead. It won’t give us enough, but maybe 5 or 6 over the next couple days should get us enough for a round trip.”

Tyria sighed. “At least we got a plan.” Suddenly, her stomach rumbled. She rubbed her hand over it and blushed. “Ah ha… that’s embarrassing.”

“Tyria! What was that, is something happening?!”

“Calm down, Meli!” said Dagalin, waving her down. “The girl’s hungry. We haven’t eaten since the Lifewater Veins.

Faminelli’s stomach growled as if it just realized that fact. “Y-Yeah. I could go for something.”

“Well, we’re at a restaurant.” said Tyria, “Let’s just eat here.”

“Yeah, we’ll do that with all that Lyobie we don’t have.” said Meliay.

Tyria hung her head defeatedly. “Awww… but I’m so hungry.”

“We can eat back at that house. Surely Dagalin’s friend has something we could eat.”

“Uh, unless you like to eat possibly stale instant noodles, I doubt you’d find anything super appetizing over there.” said Dagalin.

Faminelli rested her head on her hands. “Then what should we do? I don’t wanna work on an empty stomach.”

Meliay stood up and pumped her fist. “We’ll just have to suck it up. Get this first quest done, find a cheap place to fill up, and use what’s left towards a ship.” Then, Meliay’s own stomach growled, making her deflate on the table like a balloon. “Augh… dammit.”

Dagalin chuckled to herself. “Don’t worry guys, the owner here owes me a favor. I’m sure getting us food won’t be a problem. What’d you guys like?”

“As long as I can eat it, it’ll be plenty.” groaned Meliay. The other nodded in agreement.

“Okay! Just don’t complain when I come back ‘cause I’ll eat your serveings too!”

“Don’t take too long!” Tyria said with a wave. Dagalin waved back with a smile.

She walked up to the front doors, seeing the workers behind the counter through the glass. She caught sight of her reflection. The smiling young girl whose purple eyes were full of life. However, this wouldn’t do. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The doors swung open and she stepped inside. She waited in line patiently.

After a while, the worker finished with a customer. “Next?” he asked politely. Dagalin walked up. “What could I get you today?” he asked, fiddling with the register.

“The usual… Nauxlus.” Dagalin said confidently. The workers' hands froze. He looked up slowly, his face turning pale.

“M-Miss Dagalin?! W-What are you doing here?”

Dagalin glared into his eyes. So threateningly that Nauxlus’s stomach sank.

*****

(Hey guys, Zentou the author here. Just putting this here to say that the rest of the chapters will not be released until all of them are done at the same time and ready for drip feed. I figured it would be better this way to ensure that the rest of the story has a consistent release schedule. So prepare for the long haul and I thank you all for your patience. Depending on how things go, expect another 6-12 chapters to be released by the time they start coming out. So if you wanna make sure you're notified when they come out, be sure to follow the story on the bottom right of the title card at the top of the page.

What obstacles lie within Garmberland City, the last stop for our girls before reaching their goal? Is Dagalin hiding something important? Will they make it before Tyria runs out of lives? Find out next time on Dragon- uh, "I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times Or I'll Die?!")

*037*2024-02-08 10:04

{{11 hours ago, watchinghold said:

Glad to see this story's return. Seems like things have been rather quiet lately, especially on the Mega Bladder front, so getting some more of this fantastic story is more than welcome.

I wonder if this might be a good time to perhaps review a couple aspects of the story to tide us over until the next chapter:

1. How many times has each party peed thus far?

1a. How many of her 10 releases has Tyria used, and how many are left?

2. Who has lasted the longest before bursting?

3. Who has held the most pee thus far?

3a. Who has grown the biggest bladder bulge?

4. Who currently has the strongest/weakest holding muscles (if that's not too much of a giveaway about who's going to get wet next)?

}}

Okay, the spreadsheet looks like this.

1: Tyria: 4 Meliay: 2 Dagalin: 2 Faminelli: 1 (+1 if you count the flashback)

1A: 4… again… which means 6

2: That depends on what you consider the starting point. Technically, it would be Dagalin from Boford town to Faminelli’s house. I’d say 12-18 hours. But she wasn’t even desperate for 80% of the journey. We could start from when the girls felt the first feeling of needing to pee, then it would be Faminelli. Or crotch holding desperate, in which it would probably be Faminelli again from the lifewater veins to Adam’s house. A bit complicated a question that one, with many nuances…

3/3a & 4: I didn’t put that much thought into it. In my head, they’re all pretty similar physically. Only the personalities are different, which I’m sure doesn’t affect most holds. In reality, there is no super specific pattern. It is simply when I want them to be when set up properly. So… sorry for the boring answer I suppose

