Distorted (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-08-30 15:44

A/N: Magic bladder fuckery in this commission

Dawn definitely did not have to pee when she and the champion left for the Distortion World, or at least she is pretty sure that she didn’t, but it’s not like that sort of thing was at the forefront of her mind then. Now, she can’t be too sure, but she is pretty certain that she did not feel even the slightest urge, and certainly not anything so urgent that it would distract her like this. If she had to pee this badly when the two of them were ready to leave, to come after the Team Galactic boss, then she definitely would have noticed then.

But now she has to pee so badly that she has to pause for a moment, trying to keep herself from leaking, and it comes on completely out of nowhere. She has much more important things to worry about than the state of her bladder right now, but as things are, she is not sure if she can worry about them, if she can focus on anything other than wetting herself, and that leaves her completely humiliated, not wanting the champion herself to see her struggling like this.

But then Dawn looks up to see that Cynthia is frozen in place as well, a panicked expression on her face, her thighs tightly squeezed together as she bites her lip hard, and Dawn realizes that she must not be alone in this. That makes it a little more strange, but there is not much else she can do about the situation, and just when she is wondering how she and Cynthia are going to deal with this, the urge is suddenly gone, and she feels like she did moments ago.

She feels perfectly fine, as if she does not have to pee at all, and she definitely does not know what to make of that. But Cynthia starts moving like normal, not acknowledging what they have both clearly gone through, and so Dawn decides not to mention it either. Right now, they just need to focus on finding Cyrus somewhere in this strange world, so hard to navigate, so difficult to understand. A sudden urge to pee is probably not the strangest thing that either of them will encounter today, but Dawn still wishes that she could wrap her head around why it came on out of nowhere, and went away just as suddenly.

As long as it does not come back, then she has nothing to worry about, or at least, that is what she tells herself, just seconds before she finds herself doubled over, yelping as she shoves a hand between her legs reflexively, unable to resist all of these responses, even though it gains Cynthia’s attention right away. But then, Cynthia’s knees buckle and she lets out a strangled whimper as well, and this time, there is no way that they can pretend this did not happen.

Dawn feels a slight leak, dribbling into her panties, but then it stops, just like that, and she is able to get it under control, just as the urge fades away. They both remain still for a moment, as if waiting for it to come back, as if moving even a little bit might be enough to do them both in, but the coast seems to be clear, and their bladders seem to be empty. Finally, they both straighten up, and Cynthia clears her throat.

“That certainly is…strange,” she says. “What did that feel like for you, Dawn?”

She blushes, wishing that Cynthia had not asked her first, and had instead described her own experiences. It is embarrassing either way, but she feels like it might have been slightly less embarrassing if she did not have to be the one to say it first. Either way, she forces herself to reply, saying, “Well, I just felt like…like I really had to pee out of nowhere, and then it went away.”

“It was the same for me. Now I feel completely normal, like my bladder is empty,” Cynthia agrees, looking off to the side as she says it. Despite trying to keep a mature and confident appearance up in front of the younger trainer, it is obvious enough that she finds this to be pretty embarrassing as well. “I suppose there’s something going on here that messes with our senses like that…well, I never would have expected that, but it seems like the only possible explanation.”

“It’s happened twice, hasn’t it?” Dawn asks, and Cynthia nods. “Well, I really hope it doesn’t happen again, because…because I didn’t like it.” She finishes her sentence rather lamely, but that is because she realizes, in the middle of it, that she really does not want to admit to Cynthia that she leaked a little bit. And even though her bladder feels empty again, even though every other trace of that strong urge is gone, the dampness of her panties remains, so there is still that evidence of her leak.

Which tells her that, if it gets bad enough, she could fully wet herself from something like that, and would have to walk around soaked, even though she never actually had to pee to begin with. The fact that it has already happened twice makes her think that it is almost definitely going to happen again, and she is not sure what she will do about that, only knowing that she has to be as careful as possible, so that it does not result in her actually peeing herself with Cynthia a few feet away, while on a very important mission.

“I hope so too,” Cynthia agrees, but like Dawn, she does not look like she is convinced that things will actually turn out like that. Both of them know that they need to be on guard against that, as well as everything else, as they resume searching, a little bit more on edge now.

Cynthia does not tell Dawn how close she was to wetting herself. She decides to keep that little bit of information to herself for now, because she does not want to do anything to discourage the young trainer that she is helping, and also because she is a little embarrassed to admit that something like that could even happen to her. Normally, she has such good control over herself, and even knowing that this is due to the strange world they are in, and nothing that she could ever control for herself, it still makes her feel rather pathetic to be pushed to such a desperate point, nearly wetting herself even though she is the adult in the situation.

Though she hopes that neither of them are pushed over the edge like that, she especially does not want it to happen to only her. That is not to say that she wants Dawn to wet herself, but she also really would not want to be the only one to do it, to have the younger girl keep control while she is not able to. Even if they are both effected differently by the strange shifts in their bladders, even if she gets hit harder than Dawn, she knows that she would never be able to let herself forget that Dawn did not wet herself when she did. So Cynthia keeps her mouth shut about how damp her panties are, and tries to encourage Dawn as best as she can, as the two of them press onward.

All of this is just too strange to deal with, and she had always thought that she was ready to handle anything. She is a researcher, after all, but this is something completely outside of her experiences, and even with all of her advanced knowledge, there was no way to prepare for all of this. If she could have just stayed home and avoided all of this, she probably would have, but she is far too responsible to avoid this sort of thing, and she certainly never would have sent Dawn all on her own to deal with it either.

So here she is, stuck in this strange world, and on top of all of that, her panties are wet and her bladder feels empty again, but she has a feeling it will not be long before she feels so desperate to pee that she can barely contain the contents of her bladder, as the situation repeats itself all over again. None of this makes any sense, especially because she can’t understand how it can be real.

The sensations being imagined would be one thing. Feeling suddenly desperate to pee when they do not actually have to, and then the need fading away again, would make a little bit of sense to her. It is the fact that her bladder is empty now, that she knows it is empty, and was empty before she leaked, but then, when the desperation hits, there is actually something inside of her. That is what gets her, what trips her up over all of this. It does not make sense for urine to suddenly appear, straining her bladder, and then disappear just as suddenly, with the exception of what lingers in her panties.

As she is thinking about it, trying to understand it, she is it by another urge, this one night quite so intense that she has to stop in her tracks to try and keep it in, but she can tell that Dawn stumbles a bit, taken by surprise by this. Neither of them are going to be in very good shape if this continues, because this is going to start to mess with them both. Cynthia already feels like she is losing her mind, trying to make sense of it all, and when the need fades away again, she wants to tear her hair out in frustration.

On top of all of that, it feels like they are not making any real progress in their search, but there is no real way to tell, no markers to let them know how far they have come, nothing to indicate when or where the search should come to an end. They could wander on like this forever, with this strange and confusing bladder torture, and never come close to locating Cyrus.

For now, she just needs to focus on that, she decides. It will probably not be long before she feels like she has to pee again, and depending on how intense the urge is, it could be enough to completely distract her from the objective for a little while, stopping her all over again. Whenever she is able to focus, she needs to, because she knows by now that there is nothing she will be able to do about stopping the waves of desperation. She can’t exactly stop something when she has no idea what causes it to begin with.

Too many people are counting on them right now, and beyond that, Dawn is counting on her, to keep a level head and continue leading, to be the adult in the situation, to keep her head held high. The younger trainer is probably just as stressed, if not more so, by all of these weird circumstances, and if Cynthia lets it show that all of this is starting to get to her, then that will do her young companion no good.

But it’s a lot easier to start thinking positive during one of the periods when her bladder is empty. However, when the next sudden urge hits and Cynthia finds a hand between her legs, moving reflexively to hold back against such a powerful urge, it becomes a lot harder to keep up that positive thinking. She has never had to pee this badly in her life, of that she is nearly certain, and she blinks back tears, trying to keep herself from losing control this time. All she has to do is wait for the urge to wear off again, and then it will feel like nothing happened.

It feels like it takes a lot longer this time, and she is left wondering if she is actually going to be able to withstand it. She feels like she could leak again at any moment, and clamps down as much as she can to avoid something like that happening, fighting with all of her might so that her panties do not get any more damp than they already are.

At the same time, Dawn is absolutely panicked, tears pricking at the corners of her eyes as she stares at the ground, not wanting to look up, not wanting Cynthia to see that she is on the verge of tears right now. The last thing she wants is to give away how desperate this round has made her, trying hard to keep her tears from falling, and even harder to keep overfull bladder from spilling over, wondering just how long this can last, or if this will really be the time that it becomes too much for her.

But then it is over and gone, and she feels completely normal again, like nothing ever happened. The sudden relief is so immense that it almost feels like she did lose control, but, no, her bladder is just empty again for no reason that makes any logical sense. Dawn does not really care about that as much, just as long as she is not still bursting, and just as long as they can continue on, as she prays there is no further incident.

Of course, she knows that it is unrealistic to hope for something like that, when it is likely that this is going to continue for the entire time that they are in here, no matter how much they may try to guard against it. There is nothing that can prevent these things from happening, especially when neither of them are even able to understand how they happen to begin with. As things are, the only thing that can be done is try to hold back every single time, and Dawn knows that her resolve might begin to weaken, and beyond that, there is the possibility that she get hit by a burst of desperation so intense that it is not even possible for her to stop it before it spills over.

The way things are, they have no chance of preventing it, not if it suddenly becomes more than either of them can take. Dawn knows this just as well as Cynthia, and both privately hope that, if they are brought down, then they are not brought down alone, but mostly, they both just hope that they are not brought down at all, because they would rather things just become easier to deal with. All they want is to hurry up and find Cyrus, but everything is so difficult and so confusing, and even when they are not distracted by their bladders, the search feels nearly impossible for either of them to be able to pull off.

When another wave of desperation hits, Dawn is relieved that this one is not so bad as the previous one, but that does not really count for much right now, because she is still so stressed out over not being able to control when this happens, and worrying about how intense it could be, that she can’t help being overwhelmed by anything, feeling close to tears even from this slight nagging at her bladder.

Dawn just wants all of this to be over, to not have to pee at all, and she wishes that there were any way to make it stop. At this point, she would be willing to squat down right here and now and empty her bladder, if it would mean that this feeling would stop, but seeing how random it all is, she is fairly certain that would not amount to much, and she would just end up doing something so depraved and risky for nothing, right there in the open, where Cynthia could judge her for it.

Now, if Cynthia were to suggest something like that, then Dawn would willingly give it a try, just to see what would happen, but if Cynthia is able to handle herself just fine, then Dawn should be able to handle herself as well, rather than behaving like such a pathetic and desperate child, not even able to hold her own bladder. The fact that the circumstances are beyond her control do nothing to make her feel better about that.

The slight nagging need to pee lasts for a while, perhaps a bit longer than the sudden bursts of extreme need, but it never gets any worse, staying consistently at the same level as the two of them keep going. Dawn’s anxiety is still high from this, as she worries it could spike at any moment, but for the entire time that they are left to deal with this, they both feel the same level of slight need, until it is suddenly gone.

It disappears so quickly, and was so minor to begin with, that Dawn almost does not notice that it went away. Even not needing to pee at all comes as no comfort for her now, because she is so on edge about it all that there is no real way for her to relax. Why did this have to happen, on top of everything else? There was a lot that Dawn was prepared to handle, and was even expecting the unexpected, but somehow, she never thought that she would have to deal with something like this, something that can break down her resolve so easily.

She just wants to go home, where she will not have weird spikes in desperation, and where she can go to the bathroom even if she did. After braving so much on her journey, this feels like the worst, most difficult thing that she has ever had to face, with no foreseeable way out of it, nothing that she can do to make it better.

Cynthia can tell that things are starting to really get to Dawn, and she feels bad for the younger trainer. She feels bad for herself too, of course, and she is getting so stressed by all of this that she can hardly keep focus on anything else, but she knows that it has to be harder on Dawn. The girl is so young and has been through so much on her journey so far, and it is crazy that she even got roped into any of this to begin with. For Cynthia, it makes sense, because as the champion, she should want to protect her home region.

Dawn is just a beginner trainer, or at least she was, at the start of it all, and no matter how much of a prodigy she is, all of this must be a lot for her to deal with. And Cynthia knows for a fact that even a seasoned trainer like herself could never prepare for this type of stress, could never be ready for something that messes with her mind, and especially her body, to this degree. It would have been better for both of them if she had done this alone.

The two of them are still able to put some level of focus into what they need to do while searching for Cyrus, and for Giratina, but ultimately, the sudden surges of desperation, varying degrees of need that vanish just like that, make it all that much more difficult, and make it take that much longer, as they are both forced to stop short at times, trying not to lose control. A few more times, Cynthia finds herself leaking, and she knows that her panties are so wet now that she must have started to leak through her pants a little bit now, but she is not going to check that, not in front of Dawn.

Looking down does not reveal much, as the fabric is dark and the world around them is dark, so she can only hope that either means she has a very small wet spot, or nothing at all, and that her black pants will mostly conceal that. Either way, she still does not admit to leaking so much, and wonders if Dawn has been having leaks as well. Dressing in a skirt would help hide that, at least to a certain degree. But then Cynthia realizes that thinking about the state of Dawn’s potentially wet underwear is not helping the mild wave of desperation that just came over her, not that she thinks they can really change all that much.

This one fades pretty quickly, but she is still on edge once she is “normal” again, the stress becoming more than she can bear, until she is not sure how she is supposed to keep enduring this with her head held high. Which is when a much more intense urge hits her- an urge so intense that she can’t guard against it, and her resolve is already so weak, that there is really nothing she can do to prevent it from happening.

Just like that, she is full on peeing. Not just leaking, not struggling to hold back, but completely out of control, as her newly filled bladder begins to empty all on its own, the sudden gush of liquid pouring out of her and soaking through her panties before she can even register what is happening to her. She is left groaning, and it is only when she hears a choked sob from Dawn that she realizes her companion is in the same situation.

Dawn is hit by that same sudden urge, so overcome with it that she is helpless to fight against it. She is suddenly wetting herself, her panties soaked through, as it begins running down her legs, splattering to the ground beneath her, and she is so lost in her humiliation that she almost forgets that Cynthia is there watching her, but then, just when she thinks that this can’t possibly get any worse, she remembers it. She looks up, tears streaking down her face, but she sees Cynthia looking back at her, nearly doubled over, knees buckled, a puddle forming at her feet.

It is hard to tell, with how dark her pants are, but Dawn can make out where they have darkened in places, showing that she has completely wet herself too. They were both caught up in this hopeless situation, both caught in the final urge that was too much for their weakened states. Even as both streams start to slow to a stop, neither move, neither say anything, and just continue to stare at each other in silence, neither sure what to say, let alone what to do now that they have both lost it like this.

Their bladders are empty now, but this time, that feeling of emptiness is a feeling relief, bladders still cramping from the brief moments that they were forced to contain so much. This time, it did not just go away on its own, and this time, it was all over from the start. At least they both had to endure it together, but and at least one is not soaked while the other remains dry, but that only offers a small comfort in such an overall terrible situation.

“We have to keep going,” Cynthia finally says, after a moment of silence. As much as she hates to say it, and as much as she would prefer being able to forget this and head home to get cleaned up, that has never been an option, not for her and not for Dawn. And Dawn knows that, nodding and wiping away her tears, and neither of them discuss it any further. They can’t be far now, not after all the searching that they have done, but it certainly will feel strange, to confront Cyrus in this condition. However, there is not much else that can be done about it.

Both are expecting a bit of an epic showdown with Cyrus, and both are fairly certain that their own wet clothes will make them look a lot less intimidating than they plan to, but somehow, neither of them think to consider the fact that they might not be the only ones effected by this. The fact that Cyrus has been in here for longer, and that the same rules that apply to them should apply to him does not register, and so, the two are more than prepared to find him staring them down, perhaps even mocking them a bit for the state that they are in, though in that deadpan way that he does everything, completely humorless.

They are not expecting to find him fidgeting, at the same time that a fresh wave of desperation comes over the two of them, his pants already visibly wet, even despite how dark they are. The unpleasant realization that they are not immune to the sudden shifts in the states of their bladders now that they have wet themselves once is put off by how surprising it is to find him like this, looking so visibly uncomfortable, like he has been suffering the exact same agony that they have.

From the looks of it, that is exactly what has happened, and though Cynthia and Dawn both know they do not look intimidating at this stage, they can at least say that neither of them are nearly as intimidated by Cyrus now, not when he is in the exact same boat. He looks up at them, a tired look in his eyes, which is probably the closest thing to emotion that Dawn has ever really seen from him. It is strange, to see him looking so worn out, like he can hardly be bothered right now, like he is starting to lose his convictions, simply from a little bit of abnormal bladder torture.

And the worst part about all of that is that Dawn can definitely relate to him with all of that, considering how many times she considered turning back and going home, giving up on all of this just to leave this world, where she could not be sure of her own bladder. And right after she wet herself, she really wanted to quit, and even now that her legs are trembling as more desperation comes over her, she wishes that she could just forget all about this, rather than go through all of that all over again.

But that is not an option for anyone here, and Cyrus does not comment on how wet they are, and they extend him the same courtesy. Instead, he wants to battle, which is predictable, exactly what Dawn came down here to do. He even prefers to make his stand against her instead of Cynthia, and it is not because he worries about Cynthia’s strength. By now, he knows just how strong Dawn is, and he simply wants to test himself against her now.

Dawn would feel a lot more proud about that, if she were not so distracted right now. As things are, her need is increasing swiftly, and she has to pee so badly that it is hard to even focus on the battle, and the only thing making this even is the fact that Cyrus is just as distracted as she is, shuffling his legs, making it very clear that his own need is increasing, that he will not be able to tolerate this for much longer either. She is sure that Cynthia feels much the same way, that all three of them are completely caught up in this, but she can only pray for it to end soon, so that she can put an end to this battle.

She just wants the need to fade away, but then an idea occurs to her. Since she is already soaking wet, since they are all aware of the circumstances, and since the humiliation did not kill her the first time around, what is the point of letting the sudden desperation control her? Rather than waiting for it to go away, she always has the option of making it go away on her own, by way of emptying her bladder whenever it gets to be too much.

Before she can change her mind, she does it, and right there in the middle of her battle against Cyrus, Dawn lets go, and starts to fully wet herself all over again, resoaking her already soaked panties. It is obvious what she is doing, and she knows that it catches the attention of Cyrus, but at this point, she does not even care about that, not really. It flusters her a little bit, to know that he is watching the puddle growing at her feet, but now that she has relieved herself, she will at least have until the next burst of desperation hits her to keep her mind clear, to focus on what is most important right now.

But then, as she looks at him, she sees him closer his eyes, a look of relaxation crossing his otherwise stiff features, and to her surprise, she soon finds that there is a puddle growing at his feet as well. Cyrus, after seeing what she was doing, decided that was the best course of action, and swiftly followed suit, so that he would not be undone in the battle at hand.

“Well, I guess we are all wet already,” she hears Cynthia saying, and does not have to look at her to know that she has noticed what the two of them have done, and that she is doing the exact same thing, willingly wetting herself just to be done with it, just to not have that nagging sensation in her bladder for a little while.

Now that that is out of the way, Dawn is able to fully focus on fighting Cyrus. It is going to be a while before she can get home and get cleaned up, she is certain, but as long as she is wet, she might as well just let go whenever she needs to, as she is in this for the long haul.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

