Because you're into it (A Bleach Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-08-26 19:51

A/N: Commission, fade to black at the end cos there's a sex scene but that can be found on my ao3 if you want to read the rest of it. Riruka x reader!

Riruka’s agitation is obvious to you, but you aren’t sure if you are supposed to say something or not. The two of you are going to be back home soon enough, and you hope that she is able to last that long, though, once again, you are not sure if you should even bring the problem up. You do not want to embarrass her with it, and you are fairly certain that she would be horribly embarrassed by it, and that is the only reason that she is not mentioning it at all, no matter how obvious it may be that she needs to pee.

Your girlfriend probably has some sort of aversion to public bathrooms, which would not surprise you at all, considering how picky she can be about most things, but the two of you have been out for a while, all at her insistence. She had a lot of shopping to get done, dragging you along so that you could carry her bag, and after frequently stopping for snacks and drinks, it only makes sense that she has to pee now. If she were to ask to stop somewhere, you would not mind at all, but since she won’t bring it up, you are fairly certain that means that you’re supposed to pretend that you do not notice the obvious way that she is squirming around right now, the strain starting to show in the way that she walks.

The two of you will be home soon, so if she can just wait until then, she will be fine. You still can’t help but worry about her, all as you pretend not to notice the stiffness to her walk, and the way she keeps biting her lip, clearly nervous. The fact that she does not attempt to stop in any shops on the way home, prolonging your trip like she normally does, is pretty telling, in regards t just how desperate she is to not waste anymore time like this.

Finally, the two of you arrive, heading up so that you can let her in. You can tell that things are getting urgent for her, as she has not said a word for a while, obvious signs of agitation only becoming that much more obvious, and all the while she never says a word of it to you, too embarrassed by such a simple need, even though she should know by now that you would never tease her for something like that.

So close now, you stop worrying, certain that, if she made it this far, then she can definitely make it all the way. The thought that she might lose control at the last minute never occurs to you, and you feel premature relief for her, not bothering to worry for her a second longer. So when she freezes up right outside the bathroom door, letting out a strangled groan, you can hardly believe it, even though it is happening right in front of you.

Riruka is pissing herself.

At first, you are so stunned that all you can do is stand there, as a hand flies between her legs, pushing her already short skirt up so much that you are able to get a bit of a view of her panties, and even of the stain spreading across them as she loses control. And though she does fight to regain control, there is nothing that she can do about it now, having already lost it completely, unable to stop the flood now that it is out. She was so close, but she was already at her limit, and there is nothing she can do about that.

There is nothing you can do about it either, which is why you watch helplessly as the streams begin to run down her legs, oddly fascinated, not sure what to make of how you feel right now. At least until she looks up at you, tears making her eyes look that much bigger as she snaps, “Wh-what are you looking at?! Stop staring at me, you creep!”

You turn around then, and are surprised by how much you regret that you have to, which you know is completely wrong of you, since Riruka does not want you looking anyway. There is no way to deny that this has effected you in a very strange way, and you feel bad for her, of course, but at the same time, you really don’t mind that she just wet herself in front of you. Which she seems to have picked up on, or she was just lashing out like she always does, but either way, you know you will not make it out of this without her figuring you out.

You try and stay looking away from her, like you know she wants you to, but after a moment, when you hear her sniffling, you can’t help but turn around. There is a large puddle at her feet and her skirt, despite mostly being pushed out of the way, has still gotten wet. She is soaked and has her head hung low, crying in her humiliation, and right then, nothing else matters to you, other than trying to make her feel better.

You pull Riruka into a tight a hug, which surprises her, and she tries to twist away from you, protesting that you’re being weird, you’re being gross, you’re going to get wet, just stop, but you ignore those protests, because you know her well enough by now to know when she actually just needs to be reassured. You hold her like this until she finally starts to settle down, sobbing against your chest as you hold her.

“I’m supposed to be…I’m supposed to be all clean and cute,” she wails. “But now I’ve ruined everything!”

“Don’t be ridiculous, you haven’t ruined anything. Your clothes will get clean, and it’s just you and me here,” you reply, in a low, soothing tone.

“But what about you? Now that you saw me, I…”

“Riruka, you know that isn’t…” you start, before hugging her tighter. “If you think that’s going to change how I feel about you…”

But rather than taking comfort in that, she snaps, “I knew it! I knew it, you really are into that! You creep, you pervert, you…you…that’s so disgusting!” Though she says all of this, you can’t help but notice that she does not try and pull out of your embrace, does not even attempt to pull back, and after a moment of silence, you can hear the way her breathing has started to shift.

Slowly, shyly, she looks up at you, her cheeks almost as pink as her hair as she says, “Well, you are into it, aren’t you?”

“I didn’t know I was,” you reply, “and I was trying not to think about that, since you were upset.”

“Well, it was still really obvious, so there. You really are a creepy perv, you know that? But since you’re being so nice to me, and since I know you won’t tell anyone…I guess I can help you out wit that,” she mumbles, looking away again as she says it. You decide to be polite, and not ask her if the reason for her change of heart is because she has realized that she might be a little bit into this too.

###

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/30677024

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

