Nearly daily routine (A Bleach Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-03 15:09

A/N: Another for Peecember, written about the love of my life

It’s going to be another long day, Tesla can already tell. Most days are, but he is always there to do his part, to make himself useful in whatever way that he can, and stay out of the way whenever he can’t be useful. A lot of the time, there is no real use for him, and he is left to his own devices, just as long as he does, in fact, stay out of the way. He can’t really say that he enjoys that, when he would much rather be doing his part, but there are some benefits to being left alone, to know that there is nothing he needs to in particular.

Tesla is devoted to a fault, and he never wants to do anything that might be an inconvenience for his master. If that means staying right at his side- as long as he is allowed to be- then of course he is going to do that. He is going to assist when he can, and he is otherwise going to stand still and be quiet, and is entirely prepared for the punishment if he does anything without being told.

With that in mind, he only wants that punishment if he is acting out due to concern for Nnoitora’s well-being, not because of his own problems. He has no evidence that he would get in trouble for taking a break, especially when he is just on standby, and isn’t sure if it would count as an inconvenience or not. Tesla still does not want to find out.

It seems like no matter how many days he spends at Nnoitora’s side, ignoring his own needs in favor of always being there to do his part, his endurance never improves past a certain point. Sure, he is great at concealing the problem, never letting on that there is any problem at all, but that doesn’t make it any easier for him to wait all day long, and by the time he is finally able to get level of privacy without worrying about if Nnoitora might need him or not, Tesla is on the verge of wetting himself, so desperate that he is in great pain.

He has no idea what would happen if he were ever pushed to that point before he could get privacy; he never plans to find out. Such an outcome is out of the question, and on days like today, when it drags on and on and his bladder continues to throb and protest, he simply ignores it. No matter what, Tesla is able to ignore it, able to do whatever it takes to have the honor of getting to be there for Nnoitora.

Of course, his presence hardly seems needed today, but he hasn’t been dismissed, or, rather, told to fuck off, and he doesn’t want to leave of his own accord. Nnoitora doesn’t not want him there, so he can at least pretend to be wanted. Eventually, he will be dismissed, and then he can piss. It hurts, but he can endure. All day long, he can endure without showing the slightest sign, without ever behaving as if he has any needs to begin with, let alone one in particular that is driving him up a wall.

Not that Nnoitora ever pays all that much attention to him unless he needs something directly, but he never notices, and that is all that really matters.

By the time Tesla is finally dismissed- with Nnoitora acting as if he never wanted him there to begin with, and as if his silent presence was still a nuisance, but Tesla doesn’t take it personally- he is really hurting. This is a point that he is very used to, but that does not make it any easier to keep his composure for the final stretch, sweating from the strain of just holding back a little bit longer. Each step brings a fresh wave of pain, his bladder pulses, and he winces when he feels a bit escape, knowing that he is well past critical.

Tesla has dealt with this many times, but this is the first time he has truly worried that he will not make it.

But what other choice does he have? He has to keep pressing on, can’t accept that he is already well past his limit, and about to lose control. With each step, he loses it a bit more, but he does not give up, not until it is already well past hopeless. At least he can say he is in relative privacy when he loses it, ducking off to the side where he is sure the mess will stay hidden until he is able to come back and clean it up. Even as he starts pissing himself, Tesla’s mind still moves beyond that, trying to figure out his next move to ensure this is not discovered and does not cause problems for anyone other than himself.

In no time, it is a steady stream pouring out of him, soaking his clothes as he lets his shoulders sag, relaxing for the first time all day. In the moment, he can almost forget how humiliating it is that this is even happening to him, as he lets the sheer relief wash over him. He lets out a long sigh, and finds that he is even trembling a bit by the time his stream has slowed to a stop.

His clothes are completely soaked through, in a way that would make it obvious to anyone what had happened, and the puddle on the ground is rather sizable. However, he should be able to take care of all this without being caught, because as far as he knows, Nnoitora was supposed to be heading to sleep. Tesla is so confident in this, and had been so distracted by his problem that he has been careless, hasn’t been paying attention like he knows he always should.

Which is exactly why he is so stunned when he turns around, only to run smack into Nnoitora himself. There is a moment of realization and then horror as he stumbles back, looking up at the last person he would ever want to see him like this. His master sizes him up, before he finally asks, rather bluntly, “Hey, Tesla, did you just piss yourself?”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

