Elevator (A What I Like About You Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-02-10 16:00

A/N: Another commission

Val, Lauren, Holly, and Tina all decided to go out to dinner together one night, just the four of them, for a girl’s night out of sorts. It had been fun, and they’d all enjoyed themselves, but when it came time to go home, they decided they would spend some time at Val’s apartment.

Entering the building, the four of them go straight for the elevators. Val hasn’t said anything yet, but after having so much to drink at dinner, her bladder has been aching since they left the restaurant. She can’t wait to get upstairs and take care of that, so she is quick to push the button to take her to her floor.

“I can’t wait to get up there,” says Lauren, as if reading her mind and echoing everything that she is thinking. “I’m absolutely bursting, you know?” She laughs, but Val blushes, her words hitting a little too close to home. She is still not entirely willing to come out and admit to her problem as well, but she supposes she’ll be fine with waiting until Lauren is done in the bathroom anyway. She’s not even all that desperate yet, certainly not desperate enough to beg her friend to let her use the bathroom first.

Still, she’s made a bit more uncomfortable when Tina so eagerly voices her own agreement. “Oh, yeah, same here,” she says, without much shame to her tone at all. “Gonna have to race me for the bathroom, you know?”

“Then you’re on,” replies Lauren, and the two laugh at their humor, though both end up wincing due to their laughter, and Val finds that she’s becoming more nervous. Still, she isn’t going to fight over this either, and figures that waiting on two people won’t be much worse than waiting on one, and that she’ll still be fine.

The only person who hasn’t complained once is her little sister Holly, but when she catches sight of her looking equally uncomfortable at the other women’s words, she can tell that her sister must be getting desperate as well. It only makes sense, considering they all had a lot to drink with their dinner, and she wonders if she’s going to have to wait for three girls, or if she won’t let her sister go first unless she actually speaks up about it first. It’s a tough decision, one that she’s sure she won’t make until after the elevator has reached their floor, but then it happens.

Their elevator pauses its ascent for a moment, dipping so suddenly that all of the four women wince at the strain this puts on their bladders. The elevator starts to climb up again before dipping once more, descending for a few seconds, and then it comes to a complete stop. There is a pause as they all hold on to something, waiting for it to make its next move, but it doesn’t do anything. The elevator, it seems, has malfunctioned and gotten itself stuck somewhere between floors, and nowhere near their destination.

Val tries not to let herself panic, though she knows that this is going to put quite the wrench in her plans. She could have waited for two girls going in front of her, and maybe even three, but she’s not so sure she can wait for the elevator to get fixed on top of all of that, especially not surrounded by the other three, all showing as many signs of desperation as she is!

She pages for help, and it is a moment before they get any response, but all they are told is that the situation is being worked on, and that they will be rescued as soon as possible. That doesn’t tell them much, and when she asks for a time estimate, she is told that they will have to wait an hour at least.

At that, Lauren groans and says, “An hour? I don’t think I can make it an hour!” As if to emphasize her point, she does a brief dance in place, but this doesn’t go on for very long. Even so, she still has her thighs squeezed together when she stops.

“I’m gonna end up wetting myself,” is all that Tina says, as if it is a known fact by this point. She leans back against the wall, sinking down until she’s sitting on the floor; fortunately the elevator is spacious enough to allow for her to do something like that without inconveniencing everyone else. While she sits, she crosses her legs with a groan.

Holly finally speaks up about things, saying, “Yeah, I feel your pain. I...really need to pee too, I hope they figure it out sooner than that.” Of course, even as she says it, it’s clear that she realizes how unlikely this really is. Val still says nothing, but it won’t be long before everyone figures out that she has to be desperate as well.

Her friend soon begins genuinely squirming, her theatrical performance of before forgotten as she gives in to genuine desperation. She seems to be the worst off of all of them, and the others have a hard time watching her as she jams a hand between her legs and bounces up and down at her knees. Lauren is very clearly on the edge of losing control, making it harder for the others to hold on for themselves.

“This is really bad,” she says. “I really don’t think I can do this.” Though they all try to voice encouragement, it’s half-hearted because they are all fighting their own battles, and Lauren doubles over, moaning as she squirms and struggles. Finally, her shoulders sag and she says, “No, I definitely can’t do this…”

It isn’t hard to guess what she means by that, but it becomes much more obvious when she drops her hands to reveal the dark patch rapidly spreading on her pants as she wets herself. The other women look away, both to give her privacy and to avoid watching something to remind them of their own bursting bladders, but there’s no getting away from the sound of the liquid hitting the floor, the hiss sounding incredibly loud in the small elevator.

Balking, Val resists the urge to cover her ears, knowing that that wouldn’t do much to help her at all, and would be both insensitive and obvious, giving away her desperation almost immediately. She did what she could to offer her sympathy, as did the others, but it was weak in their condition, and Lauren seemed much to put out to be able to console.

“If they’re mad that they have to clean up, I’ll say it’s there fault for not fixing the elevator faster,” she mumbles.

While she sulks on her own, the other three are left to deal with their own needs, and trying to manage to hold it until the elevator is fixed, however unlikely that may seem. And Tina becomes increasingly more vocal about her own need, not seeming to notice how difficult that makes it for everyone else or, at the very least, not caring. She moans about how much it hurts and how badly she needs to go, rocking back and forth where she sits.

Holly says, “I know how you feel, this isn’t gonna go well.” Her breathing is growing labored, and she’s more tense than Val has ever seen her. She feels a pang of sympathy for her little sister, despite being incredibly desperate herself. The situation is bad for all of them, and even though she has to worry about herself most of all, she wishes that none of them had to be stuck like this.

Wincing, she squeezes her thighs together and tries to distract herself from Tina’s complaining. As sympathetic as she may be, there’s really only so much she can take. However, it becomes more and more apparent that Tina is really close to losing control, so her complaining only becomes more and more verbal and absolutely impossible to shut out completely.

“I’m not gonna make it, I’m really not,” she says. “Why is this taking so long? It hurts, I’m gonna wet myself and this is taking so long!” Jamming her hands between her legs, she crosses them tighter and rocks back and forth even faster, moaning and shaking. Holly winces and presses a hand against her crotch briefly before pulling it back, pretending as if nothing happened.

Tina’s eyes are watering from the effort and strain of holding it for so long, and it’s really quite the pitiful sight to behold, though she’s far from the only one having to suffer right now. Lauren in particular doesn’t seem too sympathetic, after being pushed to that point already, and even though Holly is trying to be there for her friend, her own desperation is growing visibly more noticeable, clearly putting quite the strain on her and making it harder for her to be sympathetic.

“There isn’t anything we can do to make this go any faster, is there?” she asks, her tone completely hopeless.

“I think we’re stuck here for the long haul,” replies Val, shifting as she speaks.

Holly picks up on her what her movement means and simply says, “You too?”

Nodding, she says, “Yeah, but don’t worry about me,” even though there is plenty to worry about. She is feeling just as badly as the two remaining girls are, she’s sure, but she doesn’t want to be quite as open about things as they are.

“I can’t believe we’re stuck and I’m gonna wet myself,” Tina groans. “I can’t believe it!”

Her complaining grows louder and more frequent, until suddenly, it stops all together, and the elevator is mostly silent, save for the sound of Tina whimpering pathetically, struggling to hold on and using all of her focus to try to prevent what she already knows is going to happen, whether she wants it to or not. She’s known for a while now that it’s hopeless, and yet she still fights, scrunching up where she sits until suddenly, she relaxes, all frustration disappearing from her face. Only relief remains, and it becomes quickly apparent that she’s finally reached her limit and has given in.

A dark spot spreading on her clothes only confirms that and she begins to wet herself. She doesn’t stand up as she does it, a puddle spreading out beneath her where she sits, her breathing soft and ragged as she finally gets the relief she was so desperate for. Humiliation is apparent in the way she blushes, but she seems too exhausted to care, and more happy to be done holding, despite spending so much time fighting it off.

“See?” she says, after a long moment of silence. “I knew that was gonna happen…”

Val is long past believing that there’s any hope for her or her sister making it out of this dry. Between the way the other two women have lost control, there’s nothing left for them to do, especially since there’s been no sign of anyone fixing the elevator and it hasn’t been nearly enough time yet.

“This really is taking a long time, isn’t it?” she says, as if to make small talk. However, both Tina and Lauren scowl at her, and she decides that that might not be so welcome right now. Really, she knows they won’t be pleased if she and Holly were to make it out of this dry, so maybe it’s for the best that she knows that they won’t.

But that doesn’t mean that she’s happy about this, or that she’s willing to wet out of sympathy. Maybe it’s a hopeless cause, but she’s starting to understand why Tina tried to hold out for as long as she did, despite knowing that she as going to fail. There is a part of her that absolutely refuses to wet herself for any reason, insisting that she keep fighting no matter how difficult it may be for her, no matter how much it hurts and how much easier it would be to just give in.

Holly sighs as she shifts her weight, the strain very clear on her face. She isn’t doing very well, but she seems to be trying to hold back her complaints for the sake of those who have already lost their own battles. Or maybe she just doesn’t want to get scolded by one of them for complaining when she hasn’t had the worst thing happen to her just yet.

But just because it hasn’t happened yet doesn’t mean it isn’t going to, and everyone is well aware of that. Val and Holly are especially aware of their own circumstances, of the fact that they can’t hold it for as long as they need to, and that they will soon be joining their friends in soaking wet, humiliated misery. Misery does love company, after all, or so the saying goes.

“I’m…” Holly starts to say, but she trails off as she winces, overcome with the effort of halting a leak before it becomes something more. Her eyes water a bit as she struggles to keep holding back, and whatever she was going to say is completely lost now as she falls silent. Holding her hands at her sides, Val can see that they’re shaking, that Holly is really shaking all over, and she can only imagine the strain it must be putting on her.

But, then again, she might have a better idea of the strain than she realizes, considering how absolutely desperate she is right now. Whenever she focuses on her own need, she’s overwhelmed by how absolutely bad it’s gotten, and she tries to steady her breathing as she squirms. Everyone must know by now that she’s on the verge of wetting herself as well, it must be obvious just by looking at her.

She manages to hold out longer than her little sister, at the very least. It isn’t much longer before Holly doubles over, gasping out in distress, mumbling, “N-no, not yet…” but, of course, even jamming her hands between her legs isn’t enough to stop her from losing control, and soon, the liquid runs down her legs, splattering on the floor and puddling beneath her. Her breathing is heavy while she wets herself, panting as if trying to catch her breath after such a long struggle.

This goes on for quite some time, and every moment of it is torturous for Val to listen to. Her bladder protests, longing to be emptied like Holly’s, and like the other two, but she still forces herself to hold out even until the very end. Once Holly has emptied herself completely, she slumps back, still taking some time to catch her breath and recover from that. Val winces, not facing her and shifting her weight, wondering if there’s anything she can do to make this hurt less.

As if sensing her thoughts, Holly speaks up. “You might as well just let go now,” she says. “There’s no way you can keep waiting, and you’ll feel a lot better once you let it out.” Even though she hasn’t said anything, of course everyone knows how desperate she is, and at this point, they probably also want her to wet herself just because she’s the only person who has it.

Val knows that she’ll feel better once she does, and she knows that she has no chance of making it, and she knows that it’ll probably make the other three women feel better if she wets herself, but she isn’t going to give in until her body absolutely forces her to, and that is not something she will waver on. She is going to hold it until the very end, no matter how quickly that end may be approaching her.

And, truly, that end is approaching her very quickly. Before, she had been able to keep her signs of desperation a bit more on the subtle side, but now she starts to squirm more quickly and more frequently, finding herself completely unable to stand still. Her breathing is growing heavier and she rocks back and forth where she stands, whimpering under her breath. She tries to keep this where only she can hear it, but she fails.

Her bladder is simply too full for her to keep pushing herself like this, too full for her to try to hold back when she knows that she isn’t going to make it. It hurts so badly, and she needs to empty it so badly, and she can’t hold back anymore, no matter how much she may want to. And so, she doesn’t bother grabbing herself when she feels the first leak, because she knows that it will be soon be followed by second, and a third.

But the third is more than just a leak, it’s a very powerful spurt. And following it is an even more powerful spurt, one that doesn’t stop, not even when she tries her hardest, and that is when she knows that it’s all over for her, and she sighs in a mixture of exhaustion and relief as she finally gives in. The stream is strong, flooding out of her with great force, and she wants to be surprised by how much she managed to hold back, but she can’t be completely surprised when she remembers how much it had hurt her trying to hold it all.

Though she is surprised when she tries to compare it to what happened with the other three, because it really does seem like she was holding back more than them, and yet she managed it for longer, and managed to conceal her desperation, at least for a little bit. When she’s completely empty, there’s a very large puddle at her feet and her clothes are absolutely soaked through, and she’s humiliated, but also a bit too tired now to really care.

Now comes the part where she stands in her cold, wet clothes and waits for help to come and for her situation to be discovered. At the very least, she thinks, she won’t be the only one facing that humiliation.

