A walk through the forest (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-31 14:40

The filtered light of the woods dapples Rika's uniform as she walks, each fallen leaf a potential land mine for the quiet sound scape. She chose this path alone, a deliberate escape from the Elite Four's polished halls, but a more pressing problem has stolen her focus. A dull, heavy warmth sits low in her abdomen, a persistent pressure that began as a minor inconvenience an hour ago. Now, it's an undeniable presence, a liquid weight shifting with every step.

She slows her pace, her shoes sinking softly into the damp earth. The movement makes the pressure spike, a sharp throb that forces a soft grunt from her lips. Her thighs press together, a subconscious reflex. She can feel the fullness, the distinct shape of her bladder straining against the fabric of her shorts. It's uncomfortable, but beneath the discomfort, something else stirs. A thrill. A dark, secret curiosity.

She keeps walking, but her gait changes. No longer the confident stride of a Top Champion, her steps become shorter, more measured. She rocks slightly from side to side, a small, desperate dance meant to redistribute the agonizing pressure. The urge to stop, to squat right here among the moss and ferns, is immense. But she resists, pushing the thought away with a shake of her head. That's not the point. The point is this. The feeling.

Her breath hitches as a particularly strong wave hits her, a sudden, fierce demand from her body. "Nope," she mutters to the empty trees, her voice a strained whisper. She stops dead, crossing one leg tightly over the other and jamming a hand between her thighs. The heel of her palm presses hard against her crotch, a solid, desperate barrier. She squeezes her eyes shut, focusing all her energy on holding. The pressure feels immense, like a dam threatening to burst inside her. She can almost picture it, a sloshing, churning sea of piss held back by a thread of willpower.

For a long moment, she stands frozen, breathing shallowly. The urge subsides to a dull, throbbing ache, and she carefully, cautiously, starts walking again. Each step is a negotiation. She experiments, taking a wider stride, then a shorter one, feeling the liquid shift inside her. A shudder runs through her, a mix of genuine desperation and deep, resonant excitement. She likes this. She likes the edge, the razor's line between control and chaos.

Rika finds a sturdy oak tree and leans against it, the rough bark digging into her back. This position, the pressure on her spine, seems to make the urge worse. She groans, her free hand flying to her stomach, pressing inward. The fullness is staggering now. Her bladder feels taut, stretched to its absolute limit. She can feel a distinct warmth spreading from her core, a heat that has nothing to do with the muggy forest air.

A tiny, humiliating leak escapes. A single, hot spurt that dampens her panties. Rika gasps, her eyes flying open. She presses her hand harder, her knuckles white. The shock is electric, a jolt of pure panic laced with a horrifyingly pleasant fizz of anticipation. It's starting. The thread is fraying.

This is it. The moment she's been pushing toward. Instead of fighting it with renewed vigor, she does the opposite. A conscious, deliberate decision. She relaxes the muscles in her thighs, just a fraction. She takes a deep, shuddering breath and, for the first time, stops fighting the tide of pressure and lets it wash over her. She uncrosses her legs.

The effect is instantaneous. A spasm wracks her body, a violent, uncontrollable clench of muscles that have been tensed for hours. Her knees buckle slightly, and she slides down the rough trunk of the oak until she's sitting on the forest floor, legs splayed wide. She keeps her hand pressed firmly against herself, not to stop it anymore, but to feel it. To feel the exact moment the dam breaks.

And then, it does.

It starts as a trickle, a warm, hesitant spread against her palm and the fabric of her shorts. The relief is so intense it's almost painful, a dizzying wave that makes her head spin. But the trickle quickly becomes a flood. A hot, unstoppable torrent that gushes from her with a shocking force.

A loud, unmistakable hissing sound fills the quiet clearing, accompanied by the patter of liquid hitting the dry leaves and dirt around her. The warmth spreads rapidly, soaking through her pants, pooling around her thighs and butt on the ground. The steam from her hot piss rises into the cool air. Rika lets out a long, shuddering moan, her head falling back against the tree. There's no shame, only the overwhelming, cathartic release. Every ounce of tension, every second of desperate holding, empties out of her in a rush of heat and wetness. It feels immense, unending, a complete and total surrender.

The flow eventually slows to a trickle, then to a few last, drippy spurts. Silence returns to the clearing, broken only by her ragged breathing. Rika remains slumped against the tree, a profound, bone deep lethargy settling in. The air is thick with the sharp, acrid scent of her accident. She feels the sodden fabric clinging to her skin, the damp ground beneath her. She's a mess, but a deeply, thoroughly satisfied one. Slowly, a small, tired smile spreads across her face.

She shifts, the squelch of soaked fabric a final, wet punctuation mark. A faint shiver racks her body, not from cold, but from the raw, echoing sensation of total release. There was no judgment out here, just the silent trees and the damp earth accepting her offering. Rika closes her eyes, a deep, lazy calm settling in the wake of the storm. She has pushed herself to the very edge, felt the exquisite agony of holding, and finally, gloriously, let go. A slow breath escaped her lips. This was hers alone: a perfect, filthy secret, one that she can enjoy whenever she wants.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

