Peecember 2020- Oops! All Pokemon

Author: Zapp Renfro

*015*2020-12-08 15:05

A/N: Today it's Acerola with some implied stuff with Nanu because...man, if I were her, I so would.

For the most part, Acerola really does love being a trial captain. As a descendant of the long gone royal family, she does love to take part in any island traditions that she can, feeling closer to her family, to her ancestors, that way. And it gives her a chance to help new trainers, and helping people has always been something that she is passionate about, hence all the care that she gives to the children at the Aether House. Overall, she really loves being a trial captain, but sometimes, she gets a little tired of it.

Or, at least, right now she is tired of standing around waiting for the trainer to emerge from the abandoned supermarket, because she wants to be able to go back home so that she can go to the bathroom. It had not been that big of a deal when things started, but they have been in there for a while, and at this point, her bladder is nagging at her nearly constantly, making her squirm around outside, glad that there is no one around to see her all the way out here.

Still, she is going to have to rush back if she is going to make it to the bathroom without incident. She is used to having to hold it, with a busy schedule like hers, but even so, that does not make desperate situations like this any more bearable, and she is left gritting her teeth, trying to think about anything else, anything besides how much she wants to just drop her panties, lift her dress, and let go right here in the open.

And she would have done it by now, but she keeps getting caught up in the worry that the trainer will emerge right at that moment, and catch her squatting outside. Hardly a good image for a trial captain to have, so she has to keep fighting her need, until they finally emerge, ready to prove that they have completed their trial. Acerola feels premature relief setting in, which she also has to fight against, lest her bladder get the wrong idea, as she finishes up the final formalities, including teaching them how to use their new crystal.

But then she can send them on their way, considering for a moment that she should probably warn them about the nature of the island’s current kahuna…but she really has other business to attend to, and the trainer can figure that out for themselves soon enough. Or she can just put some pressure on him to actually do his job for a little bit, to make up for the fact that she did not do anything to prepare the trainer for him.

Either way, she hurries as quickly as she can to get back to home, only running as fast as her bursting bladder will allow her. Fortunately, it is not a very long walk, and even when she can’t run as fast as she would like to, it still does not take her very long before the Aether House is coming into view. She is finally almost there, and not a moment too soon; she feels like she could absolutely burst.

“Acerola! Acerola!”

But she should have known that it would not be this easy. Even though it has only been a couple hours since they last saw her, the children are as needy as ever, acting as if she had completely abandoned them, as if they never expected her to come back. They whine and trail after her, grabbing her arm or grabbing at some part of her dress, trying to keep her right there, so that she can give all her attention to them.

“It’ll be just a minute, okay? I can play with you guys as much as you want, but in a minute,” she promises them, trying to keep her voice even so that they can’t tell just how desperate she is right now. She is on the verge of wetting herself, and no matter how she tries to reassure them, she does not make it even a few steps before another child is trying to stop her, trying to beg her for attention.

Her room is not too far, and once she makes it into her room, she has her own bathroom right there, where she can take care of this, and then she can give them all the attention they feel like she is denying them. Step by step, she keeps pressing on, promising them all the while that she will be right back, if they all just wait patiently. After what feels like hours, but was really only a handful of minutes, she is opening the door to her room, pushing past it while nudging the child who tries to follow her in back out.

“I’ll be right back,” she promises, closing the door behind her, alone at last. She turns around, eyes drifting closed, and falls to her knees then, unable to wait a second longer, and certainly unable to make the rest of the trip to her bathroom, just across the room from her.

Her panties are soaked through almost immediately as it all starts rushing out of her, soon puddling on the ground beneath her as she tips her head back and moans with relief. She would be a bit more humiliated by all of this if she had not been able to make it to her room, but at least like this, she is completely alone, where she can get everything cleaned up and act like it never happened. And at least she can empty her bladder now, after being made to wait much too long, in the privacy of her own room, even if the bathroom proved to be too far out of reach.

At least, she assumes her room is still private, until she opens her eyes, her bladder empty. She is just about to stand up so that she can get cleaned up when she jumps, realizing that she is not alone at all. Sitting on her bed, Nanu looks over to her and asks, ever so casually, “So, long day?”

“And what are you doing in here, Uncle Nanu?” she asks, closing the distance between the two of them, rather than heading for her bathroom, where the towels she needs to start cleaning up are. The kids might be kept waiting just a little bit longer, it seems.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*016*2020-12-09 14:04

A/N: Today, Hilbert gets scared in his Halloween costume even though it's currently Christmas

Hilbert is getting seriously nervous now, even though he keeps telling himself that there is nothing to worry about. Just because it is really dark and he is slightly lost does not mean that anything bad is going to happen to him. This island is only so big, so if he just keeps going in the same direction, he is bound to end up somewhere, and he hopes that he ends up there soon.

He is trying to use this season to help cure himself of his fear of ghosts, but so far, that does not seem to be going very well for him. In fact, when it gets dark like this, and he is all by himself, his fear feels just as intense as ever. That is the main reason that he wants to get himself back to civilization as quickly as possible, but there is something else that is driving him as well.

He has to pee terribly, and he really does not want to stop and do it along the road, even though he is pretty sure that he could get away with it right now. If he really is alone, then there is no problem with it, but his big fear is that he isn’t alone, and that if he let his guard down for even a second, something terrible might happen. Pissing in the woods just leaves him a little too vulnerable for his tastes right now.

So he needs to keep all of his focus on making sure that he is safe and as alone as he thinks that he is. His bladder is simply going to have to wait, even if he feels like he is absolutely bursting right now, even if he has to pee worse than he can ever remember having to pee in his life. It has been a long day, and he honestly can’t remember when the last time he went to the bathroom was, but it had to have been hours ago, back when it was still daylight.

The fact that he got separated from the others is bad enough. He, Acerola, and Bettie had been on a roll collecting candy and winning battles, and he had been able to keep up his bravado then, promising to protect the girls, managing to hide his overwhelming fear of ghosts the entire time. But now that he is all by himself, in the dark, he is absolutely terrified.

Hilbert stops for just a second, squeezing his thighs together and hissing softly, trying to get over the sudden surge of desperation, certain that he is about to spring a leak. But he doesn’t, and he manages to keep it together just by pausing like that, and is back on his way soon enough. One reason to be grateful for being alone, as scary as it may be, is that there is no one around to tease him for his predicament. He would be humiliated if anyone could see him like this.

And it only gets worse as time goes on. He finds himself stopping more and more frequently, sometimes grabbing himself so that he can try and keep from leaking. Sometimes that is not exactly successful, and it is not long before his underwear have started to grow damp. Letting his guard down to pee sounds more and more appealing with each step that he takes, but he is just too terrified to do that. He wants to go to a nice, well-lit, ghost-free, indoor bathroom, and he does not think that should be too much to ask right now.

All he has to do is keep holding it. He thinks he might see some light in the distance, and he desperately hopes that means he is on the right track, and not falling into some ghostly trap. Even thinking like that nearly makes him piss his pants in fright, so he convinces himself that he is definitely going in the right direction, that there is nothing to be afraid of.

That’s right, there is nothing to be afraid of. He is not too far from his destination, he can definitely hold it until then, and he is not going to run into any harmful ghosts out here. Hilbert is going to be just fine, because there is nothing to scare him out here-

Someone bursts out from the bushes right in front of him, and he lets out a loud shriek of terror, one that is matched by the being in front of him.

A shriek is not the only thing that he lets out, though. No matter how hard he may have fought up until now, his bladder simply can’t stand up to this level of terror, and he only realizes that he is pissing himself when he feels the warmth spreading down one of his legs. He looks down then, to see that he is definitely soaking his pants, and then he looks up again, and realizes, much to his horror- horror of a different sort- that this is no ghost or otherworldly being in front of him.

No, the person that just startled him, and subsequently witnessed him pissing his pants in terror, is none other than a Ghost trainer from his home region. Shauntal seems just as startled as he does, but at least she can say that this didn’t cause her to wet herself, unlike Hilbert.

“Oh, it’s you!” she says. “I’m sorry, I really didn’t mean to…scare…you…” She trails off as she looks down, finally noticing what is happening with him. “Oh, um…I…I was just looking for…”

“It’s alright,” he says with a sigh. This is far from ideal, but at least it was someone like Shauntal, more likely to feel nearly as flustered and awkward as he does. He can think of more than a few people he would sooner die than have see him like this- Hilda comes to mind, and even some of Shauntal’s own coworkers- so in comparison, she does not seem so bad. “I was lost too. For a while, obviously.”

“Yes, well, um…we’re not too far from…I mean, I wasn’t that lost! I can help you find your way! I was just looking for Morty and Agatha,” she explains. “I got so distracted thinking about other things that I just lost track of them. But I can look for them later.”

As embarrassed as he is right now, he can’t deny that it would be great to have someone walk him back. And if he were not so embarrassed, he might even allow himself to get excited about being alone with Shauntal for a little while. “Thank you so much,” he says. “And sorry about all this.”

“No, I’m sorry! Now, let’s get going,” she says, as she begins to lead the way. Even with how humiliating tonight is, he starts to think that he can still enjoy being alone with her. That is, until she starts to narrate, musing to herself. “’The bold heroine leads the blushing boy back to the path he had once strayed from. Though he has learned his lesson, soaked to the bone from his fear-’”

“Wh- don’t use this as material for a book!” he protests.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*017*2020-12-10 15:32

A/N: Serena pees in front of Diantha and Diantha does not seem to mind in the slightest

Just one more battle. Just one more battle and, win or lose, Serena can leave this area, and go back to where a public bathroom is waiting for her. She hopes that she wins, because it sure would be frustrating to make it this far and to lose against the champion, but as long as she can get to the bathroom before she pisses herself, she really does not care anymore.

Except she does care, at least a little bit. She had no idea that the gorgeous movie star she has developed a hell of a crush on throughout her journey would also turn out to be the champion, so she kind of wants to look good during this battle. Diantha has talked about wanting to battle her for a while now, and she really wants to be able to impress her, and does not want to let her down.

But she also really has to pee, because, like an idiot, she did not think about how long battling the Elite Four and the champion would take. She also did not think about the fact that going up against a Water trainer like Siebold would exacerbate that problem quite a bit. His team alone was bad enough, but the fact that his room was set up the way it was- and seriously, what is with these dramatic, overly-decorated rooms?- meant that she spent the entire battle listening to gushing water all around.

The fact that she is still managing to hold it is nothing short of a miracle. So not only does she have to worry about making sure that this battle does not thoroughly disappoint Diantha, she also has to make sure that she does not humiliate herself in front of her as well. Which sounds a lot easier said than done right now.

Diantha is a tough opponent, as expected of the champion, and Serena’s concentration is not quite what it usually is. She can barely focus on the battle at all with the way her bladder keeps protesting every move that she makes, which means that it is probably dragging on longer than it should. Maybe it would not have even been that much of a challenge for her if she were in her right frame of mind; maybe she would have wiped the floor with her idol by now, but there is no way for her to know that now.

“Are you alright, Serena? Seems like you’re distracted,” Diantha says in a teasing tone, and Serena worries for a moment that she can tell. She is doing her best to keep it to herself, trying to hold still even though all she wants to do is squirm, but maybe Diantha can tell that is why she has her thighs pressed so tightly together, and maybe she knows that is the reason behind her distraction.

“I’m just fine,” she replies, her voice a bit stiff, before she calls out her next attack. Diantha responds swiftly, before giving her a playful grin.

“Good, because you know there are no breaks in a battle like this.” Okay, there is definitely no way she doesn’t know about it, and Serena could just about die from embarrassment. It is entirely possible now that she has no chance of impressing Diantha with this battle, because if she knows how desperate she is and is teasing her about it, then she must think less of her, must find the whole thing to be amusing, in a childish sort of way.

Serena wishes that she could care more about that issue, but by now, even that is secondary to keeping all her focus on not wetting herself right here and now. She considers forfeiting, doing anything that she can to get out of here, but this is her last battle, and she has already made it this far. If she quits now, then she will have to start all over again.

Diantha’s Pokemon faints, and she knows that she has to stay in this. One by one, back and forth, they attack one another, keeping the match so even that it is infuriating, and still, Serena manages to keep her bladder in check. Mostly, at least; her panties are a lot damper than she would like them to be, but she has not fully lost control, and that is the only thing that matters. The two of them are down to their last Pokemon, and if she wins, then she becomes the new champion, and if she loses, she can still say that she put up a good fight, all things considered.

When Serena lands the finishing blow, it is a narrow victory. One miss from her, one more hit from Diantha, and she would have lost, but Diantha’s Gardevoir faints, and Serena is the winner. She actually did it! And as much as she wants to stick around and celebrate, she has to run now, if she is going to make it to the bathroom.

“Where do you think you’re going?” Diantha asks, taking hold of her hand. “There’s still so much we have to do.” She has this smile on her face, and there is no doubt in Serena’s mind that she knows exactly what she is doing.

“Please, just give me a minute, I have to-” She freezes up, unable to finish her sentence, unable to do anything at all. It is too late for her.

“Oh, look at that,” Diantha murmurs, gazing down at her legs, watching the streams of liquid snaking down them, getting her stockings wet. Serena, exhausted and in complete disbelief, falls to her knees then, and Diantha just stands over her, watching the puddle forming beneath her. “Like I said, there are no breaks in these sorts of battles. Even so, you stuck it out until the very end.”

Serena can’t believe her humiliation. She made it far enough to become champion, and yet she has completely humiliated herself in front of Diantha, the woman she has been trying her best to impress. No matter how she looks at it, this is definitely going to sour the victory. At least, that is what she thinks, but then, Diantha says a funny thing as she reaches a hand down to help her up.

“Thank you for making my last battle as champion so memorable,” she says, still giving her those playful looks. “I hope you can keep entertaining me like this, even though you’re my champion now.”

Just what does that mean?

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*018*2020-12-11 14:53

A/N: And it is Ilima day!

Ilima can’t stop stealing glances at the clock. Normally, he is very attentive during classes. After all, he is known for how studious he is, at the top of his class. He is known for quite a bit more than that, but he tries not to be arrogant about those things. The only thing he lets himself be a little cocky about is how good he is at his schoolwork, because he has worked very hard to get that far.

Today, though, paying attention is a little hard for him, mainly because he can’t wait for class to be out. It is the end of the day, his last class, but he is not anxious to get home, or anything like that. No, the trial captain and prince of the trainer’s school just wants class to come to an end so that he can rush to the bathroom.

It has been a hectic day, with his fanclub a bit more persistent than usual, and some of the younger trainers wanting to get more tips from him, so his short breaks have been spent dealing with that, and it seems like everyone wants to battle with him, so his longer breaks are always spent on that. Today, it has just become a lot to deal with, and in his last class of the day, his bladder is absolutely bursting, and he can’t wait to get out of the classroom.

A lot of this has to do with him being too polite to ask for anyone to leave him alone. He is popular for his personality as well, he supposes, and the fact that he is always willing to listen and help must have a lot to do with that. It has just also had a negative impact on him, because he could never get any time to himself, and he has to pee so badly now that he keeps catching himself tapping his foot beneath his desk before he stops himself, not wanting to be rude to the teacher or his classmates.

But sitting still is just so hard right now, and once the bell rings, he is going to have to rush, just to make sure that no one else tries to grab his attention or slow him down. He just does not want to rush too much, because he would rather not broadcast the fact that he is desperate to pee, because that is just a bit too embarrassing. Though he does try and remain humble, and try to ignore his popularity, he still cares more about his image then he ever lets show, and that would make him look rather pathetic, he thinks.

So he just has to keep it together, and stay casual. The minutes drag by, and he squirms a bit in his seat, trying to ignore the pressure of his bladder, or the way that his pants feel like they are digging into it, and then the bell finally rings, and he is free to go. He really does want to rush, but he stands up slowly, composed as ever, as he grabs his things to head out.

Of course, his teacher stops him, asking if he can help with some things, and of course, he says yes. Without even thinking, he says yes, because he always says yes when someone asks for help. The first time he stayed after school to help, he had volunteered, but since then, his teacher has had no trouble with asking, and now he is going to be stuck for even longer, because he can’t bring himself to ask to go to the bathroom.

Ilima feels like he could cry. The task does not take very long, just twenty minutes or so, and he is just helping organize some books, but the whole time, he feels like he is on the verge of wetting himself. It is like torture, trying to act casual when he feels so panicked, but once he has finished this, he does not waste any time in saying, “Now, if there’s nothing else, I should probably be getting home.”

“Of course, Ilima! Thank you so much for being such a big help…”

Fortunately for him, the halls are empty. It seems like everyone else is already gone for the day, which means that he does not have to try and pretend to keep it together as he heads for the bathroom. He tries sprinting a bit, but he has to slow down almost immediately, stopping with his knees buckled, biting his lip hard. Apparently moving too quickly makes him leak, something that he has just learned the hard way.

His underwear are damp, but his khakis are still dry, at least on the outside, so he takes a moment to gather his composure, and he continues, walking at a much slower pace. Taking things slowly makes him feel even more panicked, but it is his old choice. Looking around guiltily, he determines that there is no one else in the area and, like some toddler, puts a hand between his legs, grabbing himself as he continues to stumble forward, breath coming out in short, ragged hisses as he does everything in his power to keep from pissing himself when he is just a few feet from the bathroom.

And then, all at once, he loses control. Just when he thinks that he’s in the clear, his bladder decides that enough is enough, that a full day of torture is just too much. He looks down in surprise, as if he can’t believe this is really happening to him, but his hand is getting damp, and he drops it, just in time to watch the dark spot spreading rapidly on his khakis.

By the time it starts running down his leg, his knees give out on him, and he collapses to the floor, completely defeated, shoulders shaking as he holds back tears, as he pees his pants directly in front of the school bathroom. And to make matters worse, someone rounds the corner at that exact moment, just in time to see him completely humiliate himself.

“Ilima?” Of course, it is one of the only classmates that he feels like he is always trying to win over. He isn’t sure what it is about her, but he has always wanted to impress her a little bit more. Maybe because she seems harder to impress, maybe because she isn’t in his fanclub, maybe just because he thinks that she’s interested, but whatever the case, it definitely does not matter.

By tomorrow, this will be all over the school, and he won’t have any fans to speak of, and even worse, he has blown any chance he may have had with her all to hell. He looks back down at the puddle that has finally finished growing beneath him. His pants are soaked through and his bladder is empty now, and he must look like a complete idiot right now.

“Are you alright, Ilima?” she asks, her voice soft. When he looks back up at her, she looks like she is blushing, and having a hard time looking at him. It must be embarrassing for her as well, to have happened upon this, but not nearly as embarrassing as it is for him.

“Not exactly,” he mumbles. “Long…I had a long day…”

“Looks like it. Do you…need any help?”

“That’s not necessary. I wouldn’t want to ask that of you,” he says, finally deciding to get to his feet. There is no point in wallowing in it any longer; he needs to take care of this mess, before anyone else comes by. “Well, if I could ask you to forget all about this…”

“What, do you think I’m gonna tell people?” she asks, cocking her head. “Ilima, I wouldn’t do something like that. Just let me help you out, alright? It’ll be easier if you don’t do this alone, and we can make sure no one else finds out.”

Of course she isn’t going to tell anyone, and of course she just wants to help him. He likes her for a reason, after all, and he can’t ever imagine her being intentionally cruel, not when he actually thinks about. Ilima nods, and can even feel a smile coming on. This must have done some damage to her image of him, but at the same time, he can’t help but think this might actually bring the two of them closer.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*019*2020-12-12 15:28

A/N: Wosa has a cwush on Bwycen

It has been an incredibly long audition, but Rosa can only hope that that means good things for her. They would not want her to keep doing things if they were not at least a little bit interested in hiring her, after all. And she does not mind jumping through hoops if it means that she might get this part, that her career as an actress might finally take off. What’s more, she would be working alongside the Brycen if she gets this, and that is like a dream come true for her.

She was a little starstruck, getting to meet him in person, after watching so many of his movies. It seems like a miracle that he finally returned to acting after his mysterious hiatus, and that she has a chance to audition to work with him during the height of his comeback. She definitely wants everything to go well, and so, the length of the audition is no problem.

Except for the fact that she has to pee terribly now, and has no idea where the bathroom is. She is free to go home, and so desperate that she knows she needs to pee before she leaves the building, and so lost that she is terrified that she might not make it. If that were to happen, she has no idea how she would cope with the humiliation, and no idea how she would make it out of here without someone important seeing her soaked in her own piss, and then word would spread, and then she would definitely not get this, or any other, part.

But she needs to stay positive, and focus on the task at hand, so that she stops getting so turned around. It should not be this hard to find the bathroom, not when she is pretty certain that she remembers where it is. Someone pointed it out to her earlier, but the problem is that she is in a building that the general public does not often end up in, and besides the bathrooms in the dressing rooms, there is one small one with an unmarked door, and she has no idea which unmarked door it is when the door is not partially open so that she can peek in.

She pauses to squeeze her legs together, whimpering and looking around, glad that everyone else seems to be too busy to roam the building right now and catch her this desperate. For just a quick second, just to make herself feel better, she presses a hand between her legs, trying to steady herself a little bit. Her panties might be a little bit damp by now, but she is not worried about that, because she is going to remember which of these doors leads to the bathroom any minute now, or she is going to happen upon a slightly open door, where she will see a toilet inside the room, and her day will be saved.

Any minute now could just stand to come a little bit sooner for her, if she is being entirely honest. Her bladder does not seem to be as patient as she is, and she can only rush a task like this so much. When she starts walking again, she keeps putting her hand between her legs for a little bit, praying that no one suddenly catches her doing this, because it is way humiliating, but definitely helps her to keep things under control. Anything is better than wetting herself, but she would rather face no humiliation at all.

But she is so lost in her own thoughts that she nearly jumps out of her skin when a door swings open right as she passes it. It startles her so much that it spells the end for her, and as she doubles over, hands between her legs to try- and fail- to stop the flood, she realizes what the door that just opened was, and it is not the door to the bathroom.

It’s the door to Brycen’s dressing room. Which leaves Brycen staring directly at her as she wets herself, a look of pure shock on her face that Rosa is sure is not at all unlike the look on her face, but probably with less abject humiliation. Brycen is watching as her panties and then her leggings are soaked through, so that this big wet spot can spread across her yellow shorts, all while it runs down her legs and starts spattering on the floor, making a big puddle at her feet.

The actor she has basically crushed on for her entire life is watching her wet herself after she might have managed to impress him at the audition.

“What are you…are you alright?” he asks, in a strained voice, probably from the shock of it all.

“I got…I got lost,” she whimpers, not knowing what else to say but the truth. “I forgot where the bathroom was, and…and…”

“And the audition was quite long,” he says. His tone is surprisingly sympathetic, and he looks around for a moment, as if checking to make sure no one else is around. Then, he gestures for her to come in. “Here, just…get in here, quickly. I can try and find something for you to change into, if that’s alright?”

“Huh?” Her eyes widen, but she follows his directions, and he closes the door behind them. “I don’t…why are you being so nice to me?”

Brycen looks confused by her question. “Well, why wouldn’t I be? You’re in need of help, and it’s highly likely we’re going to end up coworkers.” As if she needs a reminder of who she just humiliated herself in front of, but he doesn’t seem like he thinks less of her for it, or like he is going to make fun of her. Instead, he seems genuinely invested in helping her out.

“I…thank you.”

“No need to thank me. It can be a lot to get used to, I definitely understand that.” If she didn’t know better, she would almost think he started to blush a bit as he said that. But there’s no way he could have…could he? “I’ll find you something that you can wear home, something no one will miss. It might not be a good fit, but while you get changed, I can clean up out there before anyone notices.”

“You don’t have to clean, I can do that!” she says, not wanting to ask any more of him, but Brycen shakes his head.

“I insist. Besides, it will be done a lot quicker if you let me do something for you, right? Then no one else has to know.”

Despite the humiliation that should leave her never wanting to show her face around here again, Rosa finds herself really hoping that Brycen’s suspicions are correct, and that she does get this part. If anything, she just really wants the chance to be able to keep seeing him.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*020*2020-12-13 15:05

A/N: Calem Daylem

Calem had no idea traveling would be this difficult on him, and he has barely even left home. Really, things are mostly great so far, but the biggest problem that he did not think would be a problem is how much he needs to pee right now. Being outside all the time did not sound so rough; he can get plenty of privacy in the great outdoors, and in cities, there are Pokemon Centers and plenty of public bathrooms. Tons of kids go on Pokemon journeys, so bathrooms should not be that big of a deal.

It’s just this one particular leg of his journey is just a problem because his new friends won’t really leave him alone, and he is just a bit too shy to mention his steadily growing need around any of them. They are in a hurry to make it to Lumiose City, fresh from getting his first gym badge, trying to meet up with the professor. He is not even sure if he will have time to find a bathroom in the city itself, but he hopes he can find one at the professor’s lab, and that that will be the end of that.

Fortunately, it does not seem like Shauna or Serena can tell anything is bothering him. It’s bothering him a lot, at this point, but as long as he can hold it until they get to the lab, then there should be no trouble. The city is huge, and he knows better than to try and break away to duck into a Pokemon Center, because then he might get lost, and once two of the professor’s assistants come to fetch them and guide them the rest of the way, he knows that that won’t work.

But the building itself is really big, so he knows there must be somewhere that he can pee inside, and that his worries are almost at an end. It’s just everyone is in such a hurry, hustling them upstairs to meet the professor, and it would be rude to ask everyone to wait up just for him, not to mention humiliating. A quick conversation with the professor, and then he can go to the bathroom. Surely he can hold it that much longer.

Except the professor wants to battle with him, to test his skills as a trainer, the skills that he has developed since leaving home. Alright, he can do that, he can definitely do that. He feels like he might leak if he moves around too much, and both Shauna and Serena are watching him, but he can at least pull off a quick battle. But once that is over, he doesn’t care how embarrassing it may be, he is heading straight for the bathroom, and will let everyone know that it can’t wait.

He stands with his thighs pressed tightly together, suddenly very glad that he chose Chespin instead of Froakie, because at least he does not have to deal with any water attacks to make his situation that much harder to deal with. At least, that is what he comforts himself with right up until the moment that Professor Sycamore sends out Squirtle. He inwardly groans, maybe even outwardly, but no one seems to notice that part.

Squirtle should be a snap for him to defeat with the type advantage, but he can barely focus with all the water his Chespin gets doused in, and his bladder hurts and he can’t think, and he just wants this to be over, no matter what the cost. He should just call out that he needs a break, because this isn’t some official battle, just something casual that he can walk away from.

Instead, he starts pissing himself before he can take a single step, or say a single word. He freezes up, the battle still underway, as he feels it start coming out, and he tries to grab himself to make it stop, but that does not achieve anything other than getting everyone’s attention, so that they can watch his pants grow darker, and watch it start to run down his leg, while he is left with an expression of terror on his face.

This can’t actually be happening, he keeps telling himself, but the wet warmth in his pants definitely suggests otherwise, and the shocked expressions on the faces of Sycamore, Shauna, and Serena also suggest otherwise. He can’t help looking between all of them, as if looking for some sign that this is all in his head, but it seems pretty obvious that they are all seeing this. Calem would do just about anything to be able to disappear right about now.

It seems like it goes on forever, before his bladder is finally empty, and the room is left silent in the wake of this incident. All three of them are staring at him, and it takes a long time before anyone feels willing to speak after that.

Clearing his throat, Professor Sycamore says, “I…think that’s enough battling for today. You did a good job, Calem, I…”

“Sorry,” Calem mutters. “I just…it was all so sudden, I never had a chance to…” This is the most humiliating thing that has ever happened to him. The girls are both blushing, neither wanting to make eye contact now, and here is the professor, having pity on him for not being able to hold it.

“You should cheer up!” Shauna says, suddenly looking up, and looking so sincere. “It happens to everyone, so don’t worry about it!”

“That’s not…” he starts to say, but then Serena interrupts.

“Yeah, exactly! Nothing to be sad about at all!” she agrees, trying to match Shauna’s cheerful energy. She isn’t as good at it, but her sincerity still shows, and Calem starts to think that maybe, he might be able to recover from this.

Even so, it is going to take a long time to forget how humiliating this is. First things first, he needs to get cleaned up, but after that, he has to try and make sure none of the witnesses will ever speak of this again.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*021*2020-12-14 14:45

A/N: Lisia having a bit of a relationship with Wallace in this one

Lisia can’t believe that she would actually make such a stupid mistake. She has never done something this stupid in her life, and definitely not since becoming such a popular contest idol. No matter what, she makes sure to watch her liquid intake and visit the bathroom as close to going onstage as she possibly can, to avoid even having the thought of needing to pee while she is out there.

But today, time got away from her, and today she was thirsty, so now she is onstage, performing as best as she can while ignoring the fact that she is absolutely bursting to pee, and that she is not sure if she is going to make it until the end or not. Not that she has any choice in that regard, because if she does lose control, then she will ruin her entire career, and there is no way she is going to let something like that happen to her, not when she has made it so far, and has so much further to go.

So she just has to pretend like everything is okay, and focus all of her willpower on holding it, and looking just as good as ever doing so. Today is a pretty big day for her; the contest itself is rather run of the mill, but her uncle Wallace is here, watching from backstage, because this is a routine that the two of them have worked on together. She wants to look good especially for him, since he has not only done so much to help her improve, but has also gotten a lot closer to her recently.

Maybe a lot closer than they should be, but as long as the two of them are careful, he assures her that they will be just fine, and can keep it a secret.

The last thing she wants to do is bungle something as important as this, and all because she really needs to pee. It would humiliate her not just in front of all of her fans and the judges, but also in front of her uncle, who is pretty much her ideal man in every way. She grits her teeth whenever she gives a closed-lip smile, and whenever she can afford to stand with her legs pressed together, she will, trying to keep what she is doing as subtle as possible.

Not much helps, though. There is nothing that can take her mind off of her desperation for long, and she just has to consider herself very lucky that none of the contestants today are using any Water type moves to show off their Pokemon’s style, because that really might end up being too much for her. There are no sprays of water, so she can rest easy where that is concerned, but that does not mean that it gets any easier for her, and she spends the entire contest trying as subtly as possible to make holding it a little bit easier on herself, all while putting on a big smile and dazzling the crowd like she always does.

By the time it is over, and she is meant to be crowned winner, awarded her ribbon like always, she wishes that she could skip this part and get backstage. After all, she has done this dozens of times by now, and it’s always the same, but of course, that would be terribly rude, and Wallace would scold her endlessly for it. Her fans would be incredibly disappointed too, so she has no choice but to prolong her suffering that much more.

She is at her limit when she finally gets to go backstage, wasting no time before breaking into a sprint. Running is not the best idea right now, but she can’t go too slowly either, so she just has to deal with the fact that her panties are going to get a little damp along the way. Her bladder aches so much, she is in so much pain right now, and she just wants this to be over, barreling into her dressing room as quick as she can. Wallace will see just how hurried and flustered she is, but that is still better than-

The door closes, and her uncle looks up, starting to say, “Lisia you were absolutely br-” But he stops when he sees the way her knees buckle, and, much to her humiliation, he is staring directly at her once she starts to wet herself.

She tries to stop it, jamming a hand between her legs as she moans in humiliation, but there is nothing she can do at this point. Even though she was so close, she still wasn’t close enough, and it takes no time at all for her white shorts to be soaked through, her accident obvious with just a glance at them. It runs down her legs and soaks into everything that she wears, her socks and shoes not spared at all, even as it begins to puddle on the floor beneath her.

And Wallace is watching her, frozen in place until her shoulders begin to shake, and he realizes that she’s crying. In an instant, he has her in a tight embrace, petting her hair as he says, “You did wonderfully, Lisia. It was a breathtaking performance, I couldn’t even tell that you were this desperate.”

“Yes, but I…but I…” She sobs, unable to finish her sentence, not sure why he is being so nice to her when she has made such a fool of herself in front of him. But Wallace just hugs her tighter, not seeming to mind that he is getting wet as well.

“You did just what I would have done, and a bit more gracefully than I did, come to think of it,” he says, and she pulls back a bit too look up at him in confusion. “You’re lucky to not have to deal with Water types during your performances, that’s all I’m going to say.”

But Lisia is too curious to let him off the hook with just that. “No, I want to know what you mean. More gracefully than you did? Uncle Wallace, did you…?” Why does the idea excite her so much?

“Oh, alright, if it’ll cheer you up, I’ll tell you the story,” he says. “I could never disappoint my niece, after all.”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*022*2020-12-15 14:30

A/N: Sequel/prequel to the previous one

His story begins a while back, when he is still on the rise in popularity, still earning his fan base as a coordinator. Wallace is young, but he is quickly gaining attention for his talent and beauty, as well as the beauty of his Pokemon. It seems that no matter which of his partners he brings to a contest, he manages to bring out the best in them, the two of them shining together.

In no time at all, he will be renowned throughout all of Hoenn, and he is always looking forward, working to improve himself as much as he can in every regard. He is all set to take over the gym from his mentor in both battling and contests, so he also hopes to surpass Juan in terms of popularity. And tonight, he hopes to bring home another ribbon, to prove that he is well on his way to doing just that.

Things are not off to a great start, though, because he starts out the night running late, and struggling to get dressed in time to get out there and get things started. And when he is in that huge of a rush, he ends up forgetting something essential, something that he usually never forgets before a contest. It is only when he is already onstage that he realizes that he needs to pee, that he has needed to for a bit now, and that he was so busy getting ready that it completely slipped his mind.

It is out of the question now, of course. He will not have a chance until the contest is over and the winner- hopefully him- has been announced, and Wallace could kick himself for forgetting something that important. This isn’t just a slight nagging, either; once he has realized his need, he can’t seem to get it off of his mind, and it makes it hard to focus on the actual task at hand. The contest should be more important than anything else, but his bladder sure does have a way of demanding his attention.

Trying not to think about it is pretty impossible too, but that is something beyond his control, at least at this point. He has always held a fondness for Water types, a fondness that has only grown since Juan took him under his wing, so it is not as if bringing anything else was an option. No matter which of his Pokemon he took to the contest, it would involve water in some way, so his choice of Milotic can’t be blamed for something that would have happened no matter what.

Even so, it almost makes him wish he had, as a child, become infatuated with Ground types, or Fire types, or anything dry, because how is he supposed to forget his bursting bladder when he has to deal with water? This was never a problem he seriously considered in the past because of how far fetched it would have seemed, but now, he finds himself gritting his teeth behind his smile, shifting in place when he thinks he can get away with it, and trying so hard to stop fantasizing about running backstage without a word, ignoring everyone’s confusion so that he can get to the bathroom.

It is halfway through the evening that he starts to worry about not making it. At first, he only worried about the inconvenience the discomfort caused, but now, he is starting to seriously worry. It has been a long time since he last wet himself, and he is hardly a child anymore, but he has to piss so badly now that he really worries it might happen again.

But that would ruin everything! He has put in so much work to get here, and it would all come crumbling down at his feet if he did something as juvenile, as humiliating as wet himself onstage, in the middle of a contest. His nerves, coupled with his desperation, make it that much harder for him to focus, and Milotic can tell that something is wrong with him, sensing his worries and trying to make up for it in her own performance.

He does appreciate the way that she seems to know just what to do without him having to command it, because that makes up for any delays that his lack of focus may have caused, but it does nothing to solve the actual problem. Wallace is nearly at his limit, and he can’t do anything to make it easier for himself. He can’t squirm too much or squeeze his legs together or, heaven forbid, hold himself until it is over, because all eyes would be on him in an instant, and his career would be over.

It looks like his career is over either way, though.

He does try and fight it until the end, but he feels a spurt escape, soaking into his underwear, and he quickly looks down, relieved to see that there is no outward evidence of this. However, it is only a matter of time, and a second leak has him panicking, has him wondering if he has time to run offstage. Would it be worth it, and would he be able to make up a good lie to make the scandal a little more bearable? Would he even make it, or is he going to wet himself either way?

But in his panic, he can’t do anything at all, and then, all at once, his bladder gives out, unable to withstand the wait a moment longer. At the same time that he goes stiff, feeling that warm gush of liquid that is sure to make a noticeable spot on his light pants, he feels a sudden gush of cold water, coming from somewhere external. It takes him a moment to realize that it is Milotic, suddenly soaking him, at the exact same moment that he completely pisses himself.

She stops before he finishes, having soaked him from head to toe rather quickly, but that covers everything up, so much so that the stream is completely unnoticeable, and soon slows to a stop, his bladder finally empty. He is sore from holding it for so long, and has never been so relieve in all his life.

There is plenty of confusion regarding his normally well-behaved Milotic suddenly misbehaving and spraying her trainer in the middle of a contest, and it is enough to cost him a few points, and ultimately, the ribbon, but Wallace could not care less. She saved him from a much greater humiliation, and that is the only thing that matters.

And as he recounts this story to Lisia, he feels grateful once again. Lisia was lucky to be able to make it backstage before she lost control; he was lucky to have a Pokemon willing to cover for him when he couldn’t.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*023*2020-12-16 14:41

A/N: N being a manipulative boyfriend because he doesn't know better, loosely related to a smut fic I wrote with them once, just exploring him not being the most healthy of boyfriends for Hilda because of how he was raised

“Just stay with me,” he keeps saying, and Hilda keeps relenting, even though she has no idea what has gotten into him. N has definitely had his clingy moments in the past, but it seems like it has gotten even worse since taking their relationship to the next level- like, now that they have established more intimacy, he never wants her to leave his side.

And Hilda does her best to indulge him, because she wants to keep him happy. As she continues to follow him wherever he wants to go, further and further away from the home that he does not want her to return to, she does not want to do anything to make him think that she would abandon him. She is completely understanding of everything that he has been through, and she would never do anything to hurt him, or make him think that she is like anyone else who has hurt him before.

Even so, it would be nice if he did not pull the clingy act when she is just trying to go to the bathroom. Especially because they are just in a hotel room, so she is barely even leaving his side. The bathroom is just a few feet away from the bed that they are sitting on, where she has started to squirm because she really needs to pee. N must know by now that that is why she keeps trying to excuse herself- and it is pretty obvious otherwise, because where else would she even be going, without leaving the room?- but he still will not relent, keeping his arm around her, insisting that he just wants her to stay with him a little while longer.

And Hilda feels so guilty when he pleads with her like this that she can’t bring herself to say no.

But this really is getting ridiculous, because he knows just as well as she does that she is not exactly abandoning him to go pee in the same room that they’re staying in. As embarrassing as it may be, she would even be willing to let him stand at the door waiting for her, or even come in with her, if that would really make him feel better, but he has not offered, and it seems a little too weird to just ask. Not only that, but it seems out of character for N, even with his clingy tendencies.

He has always given her space for that sort of thing before, and has only ever acted like she might be abandoning him whenever she mentioned missing her mom or her friends. This is the first time he has ever been weird about her trying to go to the bathroom, and it seems so out of character for him to need that kind of reassurance, but she has no idea what else to do, so she just sits with him, squeezing her thighs together as she wonders just how much more of this she can take.

Probably not much, because if she does not focus all of her energy on holding it, she leaks. Her panties are already a little damp from it, and she knows it will just take a little more for her denim shorts to start showing evidence, so she absolutely needs to take care of this as soon as possible. She speaks up, saying, “Look, I’m just going to be in there for a second, so…”

“Please, just a little longer,” he insists, and he is always so convincing, when he gives her that smile. Hilda finds herself nodding along like she always does, but a sharp pang from her bladder makes her shake her head, surprising him.

“I’m really sorry, N, but I just…I really need to pee, alright? And I’m probably not going to be able to keep holding it if we just keep sitting here like this, so just give me a second,” she says. Even as she speaks, she is already pulling away from him, prying his arm off of her.

“Hilda, please,” he tries to plead, but she isn’t having it, not anymore. This has gone on long enough, and even standing up causes her to leak, and she panics a bit, putting a hand between her legs, wondering if her shorts are already starting to show it.

“See, look,” she says, blushing furiously from the way he stares at her as she holds herself. “I’m really at my limit, so can you please just wait for me to…” As she starts to walk to the bathroom, N rises, and, much to her disbelief, still tries to stop her.

He reaches out to grab her arm, but not the one still at her side. Instead, he grabs the arm she is using to hold herself, pulling her back by it, and the sudden movement, combined with her hand being removed from where it really needs to stay, causes her to lose control again, but this time for much longer than a simple leak.

This time, she is not able to stop it, and N lets go of her when he realizes this, and simply watches as his girlfriend pisses herself, because he would not give her a few minutes of privacy. Hilda looks down, shocked and humiliated, at the way her shorts grow a much darker shade of blue, at the way that it runs down her legs and splatters to the floor beneath her, relief washing over her, though it is overshadowed by confusion, humiliation, and a little bit of anger.

By the time her bladder is empty, she can barely look at N as she mumbles, “Well, now I’m gonna need more than a second. Gonna need a shower to get that cleaned up.”

“That’s fine,” he says. “That was all I needed.”

Now, she does look up at him. “What do you mean, that’s what you needed? Were you…was that…?” Realization slowly dawns on her. “You did that on purpose?”

“I wanted to see it happen,” he replies, reaching out for her hand again. This time, he brings it to the bulge in his pants. “Actually, maybe we could shower together?”

Hilda can only stare at him in disbelief for a moment after that. Lately, she is starting to realize that the lasting damage his adoptive father did on him is a lot more severe than the resulting abandonment issues. Such as, she is starting to realize that he is a bit more manipulative, and even spoiled, than she thinks that he realizes. This just further proves that, and fits together with why he works hard to make sure that she never leaves in any way, not even to return to her family.

But she doesn’t know what else to do. After all the time they have spent together, she really does love him, and she really doesn’t want to abandon him. He does not mean any harm, she doesn’t think, and even this is something that she can easily forgive. So instead of getting angry with him, or calling him out on his manipulation, she just nods.

“Yeah, we can shower together.”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

*024*2020-12-17 14:22

A/N: This is one of the more sexually charged ones, cos Serena sucks on Clemont's jumpsuit. Because I've had that image in my mind ever since I first encountered Clemont.

Serena is surprisingly nice about the whole thing, and Clemont can be grateful for that, as well as for the fact that, for once, his little sister is not hanging over his shoulder while he suffers through this battle. The last thing he needs is for her to either tease him about it, or act overly concerned and never stop talking about it. As much as he appreciates her, he knows that she would do either of those things, and that it would only make things worse.

Serena has even offered to put a pause on things, but he can’t do that, not in the middle of a battle like this. It is embarrassing enough that she was able to figure out that he needs ton pee to begin with, and he is not about to mess things up by trying to put it on hold, only to probably half to start over because of some official league rules or something like that. Even if he is absolutely bursting, and feels like he has never had to pee this badly in his entire life.

It is all he can do to focus on the battle itself, and it flusters him severely to start squirming and then look up and see Serena looking at him, with an expression on her fact that he can’t quite read. He hates that it has to be her, when she is probably the cutest trainer that has ever come to his gym, a friend of Shauna’s that left him so flustered that he forgot to go to the bathroom while waiting for her to make it through Bonnie’s quiz. And now Bonnie is off somewhere with Shauna while Clemont is trying his best not to piss himself while battling Serena, who keeps staring at him like she finds it all to be incredibly interesting.

When he has to start holding himself to keep from leaking, he really wants to die. He would rather be anywhere but here, and would gladly roll over dead at this exact moment, just to take himself out of this humiliating situation. Instead, he just tries to focus on his Pokemon in front of him, rather than thinking about the fact that Serena can see everything that he does all too clearly, watching him with his hand between his legs, unable to move his hand without leaking, and sometimes, he still leaks even trying to stay on guard.

It feels like an eternity before his last Pokemon finally faints, and he can let this torture end. He has never been so humiliated in his life, and suddenly, he is not quite as grateful for how nice Serena is being, because it has done nothing to help ease his humiliation. Clemont is not sure if it would have been worse if she had made fun of him for it or not, but he kind of just wishes she had not said anything at all, and just pretended not to notice.

But she can’t pretend not to notice when he has to keep holding himself while he presents her with her badge. And she can’t pretend not to notice when he pulls back quickly to run as fast as he can go in his current state, only to freeze up completely as he finally loses control after such a long struggle. And she definitely can’t pretend to notice the way his jumpsuit suddenly grows darker as he pisses himself right in front of her, dropping his hand to his side in utter defeat.

Serena never looks away from him, not even for a second, and Clemont would give anything for the floor to open up and swallow him completely, anything to get him out of here. That does not seem to be happening any time soon, and before long, he has created quite a sizable puddle on the floor beneath him, with his bladder finally empty. That is the only thing that feels better right now, because everything else about this situation has taken a terrible turn for the worse.

He does not know what to think when Serena starts to close what little distance he was able to put between him when he pulled away, nor does he know what to think when she drops to his knees in front of him. Clemont’s brain seems to short circuit entirely when she brings her lips up to the soaked crotch of his jumpsuit so that she can start sucking on them, looking up at him with this strangely bashful look on her face, like she is a little embarrassed herself, but unable to help it, compelled to come suck the pee out of his jumpsuit.

Which makes absolutely no sense to him, which is why he feels like he has lost all brain function for the time being, only able to stammer nonsensically and stare back down at her, his cock getting stiffer by the moment. Even if his brain does not know what to make of the whole situation, his body certainly does.

The first coherent thought that he has is, Is that why she was being so nice about it? Is that why she kept looking at me? It seems hard to believe, but then, all of this is hard to believe. But still, a sweet, pretty girl like Serena having ulterior motives for her kindness, having this sort of perversion hiding beneath the surface…

Clemont has no idea what to do right now. He just stares down at her, and she stares up at him, not moving her lips, seeming unable to get enough of the taste of his piss. Did he really just piss himself in front of her? And does she really like it? Not only is she not making fun of him, or completely disgusted by him, but she acts like she likes it?

None of it makes sense. Nothing about any of this makes sense, and he can’t say anything to her, eventually giving up on his stammering as well. But then Serena pulls back and murmurs, “Sorry, I just couldn’t help myself…” and, though he does not know much right now, he at least knows that this is only the beginning of whatever might be going on right now.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please follow my fanfiction twitter @WattStalf

