A Particular Visit (A Fire Emblem: Fates Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-03-26 22:44

A/N: Adoptive sibling incest, ahoy! This has a really abrupt ending because I cut it off before the smutty bits happen, though those can be found on ao3.

When he has the chance to ride out early, before the rest of his siblings, and to see his younger sister sooner than expected, the crown prince takes it. He misses Corrin more and more lately, and he’s growing more aware as time goes on that his feelings aren’t exactly befitting of an older brother, but still he can’t stop himself from wanting to see her, or from taking every chance he can to go see her.

Sometimes, he tries to absolve himself of his guilt by reminding himself that she isn’t his sister by blood, that she’s only his sister in name, but then he remembers that she isn’t aware of it, and that she still sees him as a brother, that the rest of their family still sees her as a part of the family. He knows that what he feels for her is wrong, in that regard, but he’s fallen too hard for her to turn back now, even if he never does anything to pursue them.

On this particular day, he’s in a hurry to reach her before night, before it’s too late for them to spend too much time together. The next morning, the other three will be coming to see her as well, and so Xander rushes to get to Corrin, so fast that his two retainers can barely keep up with him.

However, there is something else spurring him on, though that predicament is also making it more difficult to keep up at this pace. He’s been in such a rush from the beginning that he’s taken no time to relieve himself, and by the time he realizes that this is becoming a problem , he’s too close and too determined to reach her without any interruption. It’s nothing that he can’t handle.

But the constant jostling does not ease things up and, in fact, the trip seems to be a little longer than he remembered, or at least long enough that his need becomes torturous and that his bladder absolutely aches before he’s even there. Xander grits his teeth and presses on because, by now, he’s pushed himself so far that a little bit more doesn’t seem so bad, and he doesn’t want to stop now, especially not knowing that he would have to explain his reasoning to his retainers.

It hurts so badly at times that he almost regrets his decision, but his determination is greater than his need in his mind, and his desire to see Corrin as well. Each time he is jostled, he feels like he might lose it at any point, and his teeth are grit and his hands are tense by the time the fortress is finally in sight. He is well aware that he is near his limit, but he’s close now, and that’s all that matters.

The guards let him past the first gate without any trouble, with Laslow and Peri following close behind, and he dismounts, his legs shaking as he hits the ground. There’s a servant at his side immediately, offering to take his horse, and he’s grateful for that, as he really doesn’t have much time left. He starts off at brisk pace, tense all over and just barely managing to contain the contents of his throbbing bladder as each step threatens to cause him to spill over.

When he’s mostly out of sight, he finds himself staggering a bit, his breathing growing more and more heavy, and he knows he’s in a very precarious situation, but he’s so close now that he hopes-

“Big brother!” Corrin calls out to him as she comes running, and he heart sinks. She must have heard he arrived and come to greet him, and if there’s any temptation that could keep him away from relief, it’s her.

He continues his stiff pace, acting as if he doesn’t notice her, but when she calls to him again, he turns and holds up a hand, mumbling, “I’ll be with you in one moment, little princess.”

“You can’t get away from me!” she teases, and at the rate he’s going, it’s easy for her to catch up to him, giggling all the while. “I missed you so much, there’s no way I’m letting you run off without giving me a hug!”

“Little princess, I-” But then she’s right in front of him, blocking his path for the moment, and before he work around her, she’s upon him, pulling him into a tight embrace. He’s always been more physically affectionate with her than the others, though he acts like that’s entirely at her insistence, and she expects a hug from him at this point.

But today, this hug is his downfall, and he struggles against her and he struggles against himself, but it’s all for nothing as she squeezes him just a bit too hard. After fighting against his bladder for so long, he has no fight left in him, and horror washes over him at the same time that relief does. It doesn’t take long for his pants to be completely soaked through and he can’t silence his low groan, nor can he finds the words to explain what’s happening to Corrin or apologize to he or anything. His knees buckle beneath him and he’s sure he would fall if it weren’t for the fact that he doesn’t want to risk falling on Corrin.

Corrin .

Even as intense relief washes over him, his bladder cramping as it empties itself, he can’t forget for a moment that he’s still trapped in his sister’s arms; that she must be growing just as soaked as he is. She gives the softest gasp, her arms falling to her sides, and Xander cannot remember ever being quite so humiliated in all his life. When she steps back, it’s just in time to watch the last trickle slow to a stop, the evidence of what just happened plain as day.

“B-big brother?” she asks softly.

“I…Little princess, I…” But there are absolutely no words to express how he’s feeling right now. He’s certain that she’s disgusted with him now, or, at best, that she pities him and thinks a little bit less of him for this. Xander hangs his head, a slow, shuddering sigh escaping him, and then…

And then Corrin throws her arms around him again, pulling him into a tighter hug than before.

“What are you...Corrin?”

“Don’t be sad, big brother,” is all that she says.

“But...you’re going to…” Of course, she’s already wet so he supposes it doesn’t matter, but still, he thinks she would at least show a little restraint.

“Nobody saw that but me, so just don’t be sad, okay?” She nuzzles her face against his chest, getting a bit closer than they normally do when they hug. Even in this state, he can’t help but notice that they’re closer than usual, though he’s sure that Corrin thinks nothing of it. She probably doesn’t realize what she’s doing, or perhaps he’s just thinking too much due to his own feelings, and that just makes him feel even more guilty.

“Corrin, that doesn’t... you still saw, and so I…”

“I just don’t want you to be sad,” she replies. “I know it must have been a long trip, and...and I got in your way, so it’s all my fault! It’s all my fault, big brother!”

He steps back out of their hug and she stares up at him with worried, sincere eyes, so he forces a smile and says, “Don’t worry, little princess. It isn’t your fault, but I’m not sad anymore, alright?”

“Do you mean it?”

“I do. Now, let’s get inside so I can try to clean myself up before anyone notices.” His dark clothes, coupled with the hallways they pass through inside, help conceal the incident from anyone they pass, and Corrin sticks close to his side all the while. Just being with her is enough of a comfort, though he still wishes she hadn’t seen him in such a state.

