Baseball (A BNA Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-03 16:40

A/N: A commission where reader is Michiru's boyfriend and she pees

Michiru has to pee, and she really, really wishes that this were over by now. This is getting too intense for her, and that is saying something, since she is typically pretty used to how wild baseball can get for her. It is definitely her full bladder getting to her, which is not even what she thought would get to her the most today, but it turns out, she should not have been so distracted worrying about the fact that you would be watching that she forgot to go to the bathroom beforehand.

She seriously needs to pee right now, and whether they win or lose, she does not care anymore, just as long as she can get to a bathroom before it ends up being too late. Because, as much as she hates to admit it even to herself, she has a feeling that point is going to come a whole lot sooner than she wants it to. This has been nagging at her basically since the game began, and she first realized what an idiot she was for not going to pee sooner, and now, it is getting to the point that she can barely focus on the game at all.

You have no idea that anything is going on with her, just happy to watch her play. It was exciting to get invited to the game by your girlfriend, and though the two of you have not been going out for very long, you have gotten incredibly close in that short time. Things are really serious between the two of you, and you can only hope that things continue to go this well. Since you have never seen her play, you have no idea that her current tension is due to her growing desperation, and not simply how she always behaves when she is playing baseball.

You just continue to cheer Michiru and her team on, proud of how amazing she seems to be at the game. It is even more fun to watch her than you expected, and you can’t wait to see her once this is over. Whether she wins or loses, you are going to have a lot of praise to give her, but from the way things are going, it seems like the other team does not stand a chance. She is very serious today, and you have no doubt that she will come out on top.

Michiru does not even realize that. She is so out of focus, so focused on her keeping herself under control that she does not realize she is playing with an even greater ferocity than usual, thus pushing her team that much further ahead. The only thing that she can think about is not wetting herself, which is becoming harder for her by the second. Gritting her teeth, she tries to think only of the game, but then, she becomes afraid that that might cause her to lose control without even realizing it.

So she just has to keep thinking about how badly she needs to pee, even though that is quickly becoming her least favorite topic. Bladder aching, she does not let her panic show on her face when she feels a slight leak slip out, doing what she can to keep a straight face while she clamps down, doing what she can to keep that under control. Fuck, this is getting bad, and if this keeps up much longer, she is not going to be able to make it.

But she does make it, all the way to the end of the game, until she and her teammates are left celebrating, because they have actually won the game. Michiru is surprised by this, and surprised by the way her teammates gush, assuring her that it is all thanks to how incredibly focused she was today. She does not comment on that, and instead tries to find the quickest way off the field, so that she can get this problem taken care of, and then go find you, and see what you thought about it all.

So, of course, you manage to catch her before she is able to make it too far. She is walking as quickly as she can, a determined look in her eyes and her gait rather awkward as she tries to keep control, but you do not notice any of that, just happy to see her. At the same time, she does not notice you approaching, not until it is far too late. Not until you have already reached out to pull her into a congratulatory hug, so suddenly that it startles her, and shatters any control that may have remained.

Michiru is horrified as she realizes who is holding her as she starts to piss herself. She would have been horrified either way, but this is the worst possible outcome. You do not realize what she is doing at first, and hold her close as she tries to struggle and pull away, not understanding what she is so worked up over. Her panties are soaked through as it gushes out of her, and then it soaks through her shorts, and then, finally, you start to feel a bit of wetness.

Stunned, you let her go, and get a good view of your girlfriend wetting herself right in front of you. Stunned, all you can do is watch her as she looks down, clearly embarrassed, her shorts growing darker by the moment, and a torrent of liquid gushing to the ground beneath her. Michiru has never been more humiliated in her life, and can think of nothing to say, other than, “Sorry…long game, I was trying to…get to the bathroom.”

Quickly, you realize your own mistake in this, so while she is trying to think of a way to assure you this is not common, that she is not actually incontinent, and to convince you not to dump her over this, you are trying to come up with a way to make this up to her, since you know this is your fault.

“Let’s get you out of here,” you say, and quickly pull her close to you, despite her protests that you might get wet. Your number one priority is getting her somewhere private to get cleaned up, with as few people seeing her as possible. Then, you will do everything you can to apologize, and make her feel better. Somewhere along the line, Michiru is bound to realize that you do not think any less of her for it, and will feel a lot better about the whole embarrassing incident.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

