Bonding (A Steven Universe Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-05-22 16:00

A/N: This is the first part of a three part series focusing on Jasper, shipping her with Lapis Lazuli. Ignore the fact that this makes no sense, I'm living in a world where Jasper is just a good guy now and everyone is having fun together. Unfortunately, this turned out longer than I'd planned and the omorashi doesn't start until like 1,600 words in, and even then, it's a slow burn until it hits all at once, and I'm sorry for that. This story almost just turned into "Jasper has a good day because she fucking deserves it". I'm so sorry for all the needless fluff and stuff.

Part I: funland

“I'm going to become familiar with absolutely everything about this human planet,” declared Jasper one day. Reform had been a slow and difficult process for her, and there were times when it was harder for her to keep from slipping into her old mindset, but overall, she had made a lot of progress. Everyone was impressed, at the very least, by her enthusiasm.

“That's...probably going to take some work,” said Steven. “And a lot of traveling. I dunno if we can get through all of that right now.”

Jasper looked down at him impatiently and said, “Well, there has to be some sort of starting point for me.”

“Hmm...” The boy pondered this before brightening. “I know! Why don't you just explore the boardwalk? There's lots of stuff for you to learn about humans there!”

“Excellent!” Despite all other changes, Jasper's grin was just as fearsome as it had always been. “Take me to this 'boardwalk', so that I can see what sort of human experiences it has!”

“Alright, let's get ready to...” He trailed off before sighing. “Wait, I forgot. I've got something to do with Connie today. Do you think we could save the human experiences for tomorrow?”

Narrowing her eyes, she said, “I wanted to get a start on that today, but if you really don't have the time...”

“No, no, hold on, I'll think of something,” he promised, before an idea came to him and he said, “Yeah, I got it! I'll be right back!”

Running out of the room, he went to find someone who could do almost as good of a job as he had. He and Lapis had had a lot of fun on the boardwalk together, and she now knew it like the back of her hand. If anyone could show Jasper around it, it was her, and the tension between the two of them had never quite faded. Steven hoped that if he had them spend the day together, they would begin to get along a little better.

“Can you do me a favor, Lapis?” he asked.

“Uh...sure? What is it?”

“Come with me,” he replied, taking her hand. “I'll show you!” He took off running again and she giggled as she tried to keep up, but her face fell as soon as she saw Jasper.

“Oh. Steven, what is it you want me to do?” she asked with a sigh.

“Welllll...” He explained what had happened thus far before finishing with, “And since you love going so much, I thought you could show her around!”

“I don't know about that,” she said, looking uncertain.

“Probably not a good idea,” Jasper added, looking just as uncertain. It was still so hard for the two of them to be in a room together that he knew they doubted they could handle a whole day alone. But Steven had faith in them, and he wanted so much for them to be able to get along.

“Please,” he said, and he gave them that look that he was sure no gem alive could resist. “Pleeeeaaaase?”

~X~

Both of them would have liked to say that it didn't work, that they didn't fall victim to the child's charms, but they did, and they found themselves at the boardwalk together, having not said a word on the entire trip over. It wasn't until they reached the boardwalk that Jasper finally broke the silence, and it was only to say, “So, this is all it is?”

“There's an amusement park at the end,” replied Lapis, but Jasper just gave her a blank stare. “But you have no idea what that is.”

Turning her attention to the ocean that completely surrendered them, Jasper gave a little shudder. “I'm beginning to regret this.”

Lapis followed her gaze and, as realization dawned on her, she groaned. “I'm not gonna try anything!” she protested.

“Forgive me,” snapped the other woman, “for still being just a little bit nervous where oceans are concerned.”

“Oh, gimme a break,” she muttered to herself, wondering how she was going to survive an entire day of this. “We live right by the ocean now.” But Jasper ignored her, looking around at other things now, fascinated and completely oblivious to how terrifying passersby seemed to find her.

Soon enough, her own curiosity won out over her wariness, and she asked questions about nearly everything they passed, and Lapis did what she could to answer. Things were easier, at least, when they had something else to focus on, and before they knew it, they'd arrived at Funland.

“What is...this place?” asked Jasper.

“It's the amusement park I mentioned. Come on, I'll show you what kind of stuff it has,” said Lapis, guiding her in. Steven had given her some money for the day, and they purchased tickets. Almost immediately, Jasper's attention was stolen by a roller coaster, and she stared up at in awe.

“What sort of machine is that?”

“It's a roller coaster. You ride on it.” Lapis pointed to the cars going up and down hills as the riders screamed and shrieked and squealed.

“Willingly? Or is it some sort of torture device?” She raised a brow in confusion.

“It's for fun,” she replied. “What? Does it scare you or something?”

“What?” Now Jasper looked angry, and a little embarrassed. “Of course not, nothing these humans have could possibly scare me!”

“Then do you want to go on it?”

“Excuse me?”

“I asked if you wanted to go on it,” said Lapis with a smirk. “We can, you know. Since you're not scared and all.”

Jasper looked hesitant, staring back up at the roller coaster in deep thought before she steeled herself and nodded. “Alright,” she said. “Let's ride it, then.”

They got in line together, Jasper doing what she could to hide the fact that she was very unsure about the strange contraption. If the humans could do it without any trouble, than so could she, and when they reached the front of the line, she had herself convinced that it would be no problem at all. The attendant glanced between her and a “you must be this tall to ride sign”, looking torn between laughing at the fact that she towered over it or screaming in terror because she towered over him.

“Uh, right this way, ma'am,” he said, settling somewhere between the two and giving her a wide grin with a nervous laugh. She stared down at him, unamused, before following his directions and climbing into the cart. It was a tight squeeze and somewhat uncomfortable, but she wasn't planning on backing out now, even when Lapis squeezed in beside her, barely managing to fit and much too close. She did what she could to ignore how odd the contact made her feel.

Fortunately- but really, unfortunately- she didn't have to think about that for long before the cart took off, and suddenly she was overcome with anticipation. She didn't know why, because there was no way something like this could possibly bring someone like her harm, but still, she clenched her fists and held her breath. They started off at a slow pace, crawling up the first hill, and at first, she thought that it really wasn't so bad at all. From up here, she could survey the entire boardwalk, but then the cart tipped over the hill and she screamed.

They reached such a great speed as they descended that she couldn't stop her screams, continuing as they reached the bottom of the hill and made a sharp turn, and her throat hurt by the time they hit the bottom of the final hill and came in for a stop. The cart slowly rolled in and she was suddenly composed, doing what she could to pretend that nothing out of the ordinary had just happened. She could hear Lapis snickering beside her, and she scowled.

The nervous man from before came to let them out of their cart, though judging from the grin on his face, he had heard Jasper just as well as anyone else, and she gave him a terrifying glare for good measure. He was quick to wipe the grin off of his face, and the two of them walked away without further incident, though she found that her legs were just a little bit shaky.

“Stop laughing,” she muttered, and Lapis giggled, looking off to the side.

“I wasn't,” she lied, and Jasper glared at her. “Okay, okay, seriously, I'm stopping.” She paused, before saying, “Well, since we got that out of the way, do you want to do something a little more...calm? Maybe get something to eat?”

“Why would I? We don't have any need for that.”

“Well, yeah, but it's still fun,” she replied. “It's definitely part of the experience here, at least.”

Jasper contemplated this. “I do want to experience everything I can. Alright, then we'll get something.” It took her mind off of her roller coaster experience, at the very least, and Lapis lead her to a stall selling snacks and drinks. Jasper examined the products closely, leaning in further and further as the salesman inched back nervously, not sure what to make of her.

Finally, she pointed to a bottle of orange soda and said, “I want that one. Whatever it is.”

“Are you sure you just want a drink?” asked Lapis, as she handed the man some money. “Don't you want to try a snack or something?”

“This is enough for now,” she replied, practically ripping the top off the bottle and downing the soda at a surprising rate. Lapis had expected her to hesitate at least a little bit, but she had dived right into it, and when the bottle was empty, she tossed it to the ground carelessly. A grin broke out across her face, and she snatched up another bottle without warning and did the same, without worrying about the fact that Lapis would have to pay for it.

Handing more money to the man, she turned to Jasper and said, “You might want to slow down on that.”

Jasper reached for a third bottle and raised an eyebrow. “Why?”

Pausing, Lapis wondered how best to explain it to her, and then she wondered if it would be more worth it not to. Grinning to herself, she decided to let Jasper figure out that one for herself, and said, “I just thought it might be too much for you to take in all at once.”

Rather than responding to that challenge verbally, she responded by grabbing a third bottle, and Lapis did not mind that they were running low on money because she was curious about what Jasper would think about this experience. She took a fourth for the road and insisted that they continue exploring the park. Lapis kept a close eye on her, waiting for her to start to show signs that the beverages were affecting her.

Before that happened, however, she caught sight of something else that captured her interest, pointing and asking, “What is that human doing?”

It was a strength test game, and Jasper watched in fascination as a man lifted a hammer and brought it down, the indicator deeming him to be “weak”. Lapis tried to explain the gist of the game, and of course Jasper's eyes lit up in delight at the prospect of a challenge she was sure to win.

“I want to do this one,” she said, charging off, and Lapis sighed as she followed, but she couldn't help but grin a bit, just to see Jasper getting so enthusiastic about something so small. She paid the fee to play, and the man running the game, who looked just as terrified as the one at the snack booth and the one at the roller coaster, handed her the hammer.

Jasper studied the hammer for a moment before tossing it to the side and smirking. She summoned her helmet suddenly, saying something about not needing human tools to accomplish this, and the man watched in a mix of awe and horror as she leaned down and headbutted the target. Standing back up, she watched proudly as the indicator zoomed to the very top, deeming her the “strongest of them all.”

She let out a loud, almost obnoxious laugh as she said, “And I was holding back!” Lapis wondered just how destroyed the game would have been had she put her whole strength into it, and she was relieved that Jasper hadn't done such a thing. She was sure that the man felt the same way as he gestured to a row of large stuffed animals, just about as tall as Lapis.

“Alright, since you hit the very top, you can pick any one of our biggest prizes!” he declared.

Jasper studied the row of animals, contemplating, before turning to Lapis and saying, “Which one?”

Stunned, Lapis asked, “Wh-what do you mean?”

“For Steven,” she replied. “I have no need for these human prizes, but he might find some use for it. Pick out the one that he would like best.”

“But...Jasper, these are huge!” she protested. “There's no way we could carry one of them around all day.” She wondered, but only briefly, why she had been just a little bit touched when she believed that Jasper was planning on giving it to her.

“But I won the biggest one,” said Jasper, as if it should be self-explanatory. However, Lapis didn't look ready to back down, and she had been feeling a little strange for the past few minutes, not up to an argument. “Fine, if you really want me to forfeit my prize.”

“Uh, if you'd like to take one of our smaller ones, that would be fine too,” the man offered.

Jasper nodded, looking satisfied. “Alright. Lapis, choose one that Steven will like and that you will be able to carry.” A look of discomfort crossed her face as she finished her sentence; her lower stomach felt weird, and a light pressure that had settled there was slowly growing. She wasn't sure what to make of this, but she ignored it for now, certain that, whatever it was, she could endure it.

Lapis studied the animals for a moment before selecting a small dolphin, making sure to thank the man before the two of them started off once more. Jasper seemed interested in the other games, but they didn't have the money to play anymore, and upon hearing that, she replied that Lapis would just have to bring her back another time so that she could win at everything else. For now, they would just have to try out the rest of the rides, and Jasper kept an eye out for ones a bit lower to the ground.

She didn't want to repeat her roller coaster experience, especially not now that she was feeling so strangely. The feeling in her lower abdomen was only growing worse over time, and she still couldn't figure out what it was. It was like nothing she had ever felt before, and she considered asking Lapis, but thought better of it. Once again, she told herself that she could endure whatever it was, and if that was the case, she didn't need to seek advice from anyone about it.

But the pressure grew and grew, and she was overcome with the urge to fidget and squirm in place, and she hissed to herself. She wondered if it were about time to cut her little adventure short, but there was still another ride she wanted to try and so she steeled herself. This was nothing she couldn't handle, nothing she couldn't endure, and whatever it was, it could wait.

“Are you sure you want to ride this one?” asked Lapis, looking a bit incredulous.

“Of course. I want to ride them all, but after this one, I think I'll be ready to go back to the temple for now.” She didn't admit that this was because she wasn't feeling well, and they got in line for her final ride of the day.

This one was an even more tight squeeze than the roller coaster had been. The two of them were meant to sit in little cups that spun around, and though she got to sit across from Lapis, instead of next to her, their knees were constantly rubbing together, and that strange feeling from before returned. Between that and the pressure in her stomach, Jasper wasn't sure what to make of all these new sensations. Today had turned into even more of an experience that she had been expecting.

Lapis, meanwhile, had noticed the shift in her behavior, and wasn't surprised that she wanted to head back soon. She had been a little surprised that, if Jasper were really feeling the effect of the soda, she would want to prolong their trip just for a little ride like this, but she was even more surprised to find that she didn't mind that they were staying a little bit longer. In fact, though she felt the same discomfort as before at being in such close quarters with Jasper, she began to feel as though that weren't such a bad thing, and hugged the stuffed dolphin a little closer to her.

As the ride began to spin, she once again noticed just how uncomfortable Jasper looked, seeing her wince a bit and squeeze her legs together. She wouldn't understand what these feelings or reactions meant until they were explained to her, but for the first time since her plan had formed, Lapis wondered if maybe she should warn her anyway. It would certainly be funny to watch her learn for herself, and after everything they had been through together, she couldn't help but think that Jasper deserved it, but a part of her was suddenly hesitating.

Shaking her head, she tried to ignore those impulses. She had been nice enough to Jasper today, much nicer than she had been probably the entire time she had known her, and she spent the rest of their time in the teacup trying to move so that every time Jasper shifted her weight, they didn't rub knees. Because Jasper was shifting her weight more and more frequently, and every bit of contact they shared only made Lapis feel even more strange about their day together. She couldn't wait for the ride to be over so that she could go back to the temple and try to forget everything.

Finally, the teacups slowed to a stop and Jasper climbed out. She hesitated for a moment, and just as Lapis was about to ask her what she was doing, she extended a hand, glancing off to the side and not making eye contact as she helped Lapis out of the teacup. As soon as she was steady, Jasper dropped her hand and began walking without a word, her steps irregular as it became incredibly obvious just how desperate she was becoming.

Lapis knew that she had to be absolutely bursting by now, knew that her bladder had to be throbbing painfully and that she had to be incredibly close to leaking, if not losing control completely. She felt a stab of guilt, remembering just how painful it could be, especially when you didn't even know what you were dealing with, but she shook her head and followed along, not letting herself give in to that.

“Ready to go?” asked Jasper, and her voice sounded incredibly strained. Lapis nodded and the two made their way toward the exit before walking back up the boardwalk together. It had honestly been a rather fun day, but there had been so many weird things that Lapis didn't really know what to make of it. She bit her lip as she glanced over at Jasper, staggering beside her and looking absolutely miserable.

It wasn't until they were on the beach that she actually spoke up about it, though. “What is this?” she asked, pointing to her stomach.

“What is what?” she replied, a little too quickly, but Jasper was too distracted to notice how guilty she was sure she looked.

“I feel...strange, and I don't understand it.” Jasper groaned, squeezing her thighs together. Without even knowing what she was fighting against, she still fought against it, and had managed to hold on for an incredible amount of time. She was holding without realizing it, but she had her limits, and it appeared that she was almost at them.

“How...exactly...do you feel strange?” Lapis felt quite strange herself now, but in a very different way than what Jasper was experiencing, in a way that she didn't understand anymore than Jasper understood her own struggle.

“I can't...I don't...what is...” Jasper trailed off, groaning, and that was the end for her. Lapis watched as her face screwed up in concentration before relaxing, and there was a slight hissing sound as the warm liquid ran down her legs, splashing against the sand faster than it could be absorbed. She couldn't look away for even a moment, so very fascinated to watch Jasper wet herself, stunned by just how much she'd managed to hold back for so long.

She'd had so much to drink, and she'd managed to contain it all for this amount of time, and something about that made Lapis feel very weird indeed. It took almost a full minute for Jasper to finish emptying, and when she did, she slumped over, panting and confused. When she looked back up, Lapis was quick to look away.

“That wasn't supposed to happen, was it?” she asked.

“I...no, not really.”

Nodding, Jasper said, “So, that's how humans expel what they consume. I can't believe I didn't figure out that was what was happening sooner.” She looked a little bit ashamed of herself, and looked to be hiding just how ashamed she really was, and the stab of guilt Lapis had felt before returned.

“Even so...I'm not sure why it's socially unacceptable when it feels good,” she continued, and Lapis froze.

“What do you mean?” she asked slowly.

“Well, it was painful, but it also felt good, somehow. I kind of enjoyed it.” Jasper shrugged. “Is that how it's supposed to feel?”

“I...I'm not so sure about that,” said Lapis, looking down. Now things were getting downright freaky. “I think maybe that's a little more abnormal. You should probably keep that part to yourself, and maybe try not to do anything like this again. Especially not around others.”

Sighing, Jasper said, “There's so much I still don't understand. Very well, I'll keep any...explorations of this private. I trust you won't tell anyone about this part of our day?”

Without pausing to think, Lapis agreed, and as soon as the words were out of her mouth, she realized that she hadn't had any intention of telling anyone the entire time. Humiliating Jasper had lost all of its appeal somewhere along the line, and she had more important things to worry about. Namely, figuring out what all of her feelings throughout the day meant.

“Thank you. And thank you for showing me around today.” Now Jasper was the one looking down, mumbling, “I appreciate it. And...” She paused, taking a deep breath before saying, “You can keep that prize, if you want to. It seems like you really like it. I can win another for Steven next time.”

The rest of their walk to the temple was done in silence, and Lapis hugged the dolphin to her chest again, wondering just what was happening between the two of them.

A/N: IM SO FUCKING SORRY IT ENDED UP BEING SO LONG AND STUPID ARGH

*002*2016-05-24 01:14

Part II: the beach

Things were different after their day out together, but Lapis figured she should have expected that. And she had at least expected the weird feelings she got around Jasper, the ones that she still couldn't explain, and she had expected to suddenly remember their experiences without meaning to and suddenly be overcome with...something. But she hadn't stopped to consider the fact that they really would start to get along better, and that if they were in a room together, Jasper wouldn't make her excuses and leave as quickly as possible anymore.

It was odd, but not entirely unpleasant, and Steven seemed overjoyed that they were getting along, at the very least. He ended up taking Jasper on several outings after that, and though he invited Lapis, she would turn them down. She wasn't sure what it would be like, just the three of them, and she wasn't sure how much time she wanted to spend with Jasper until she had worked out exactly what she was feeling.

So she spent a lot of time by herself, trying to run through the events of that day and figure out what had changed, and when. Setting off with Jasper, all she could think about was how much she didn't want to spend the day with the other woman, and how any time alone with her just reminded her of their time in the ocean, and how awful that had been.

And that alone usually caused her to pause, because that alone made the entire thing make no sense. She didn't like to be alone with Jasper, she didn't like Jasper at all, and she wasn't sure if they could trust her after everything. When Steven had been convinced they could reform her, Lapis had been reluctant and a bit scared, and though the fear had subsided, she still didn't like being around Jasper. Scary or not, she wasn't a very likable person.

Jasper had been just as perplexed by everything as Lapis had been the first time she'd seen it, and the two had quickly found things that she wanted to try out. She'd been amused, watching Jasper's face as she looked around, but things had really started to get weird on the roller coaster, when they were forced to sit so close together. If Lapis hadn't been so small, they might not have even fit in the same cart, but as things were, they were just crammed in together in such a way that they were always touching. It was a bit too close for her liking, close enough to drag up more memories, but it was very different from being fused.

They were in close quarters again, but this time, there wasn't anything to worry about and there wasn't any struggle. It only reminded her of being completely stuck with Jasper, but the differences stood out to her more than the similarities. That was when she began to realize that being alone with Jasper didn't always have to be a bad thing, something she never thought she would have caught herself thinking, and the day only got weirder from there.

Her immediate attraction to orange soda was almost as hilarious as how terrified the roller coaster had had her. Lapis couldn't describe exactly how she found those things, but the word 'endearing' came to mind more than once. Jasper had forgotten about the fact that everything consumed had to come out when they were in those forms, and Lapis had convinced herself that she didn't tell her because it would be funny. Now, knowing how she'd reacted to it actually occurring, she wasn't so sure. Whatever the case, she'd let Jasper go ahead and down four sodas without warning her, and then Jasper had seen the strength contest.

Once again, she'd done something that was almost endearing, and Lapis couldn't but laugh as she'd won the contest her own way. If Lapis had thought the roller coaster had made things weird, that was nothing compared to what had happened with the stuffed animal that Jasper had won. When she'd asked Lapis to pick one out, it had seemed like she was giving it to Lapis off the bat, and she wasn't sure why she'd wanted that so much, and when she did choose one, she still chose the one she wanted the most, rather than what Steven would have wanted.

The rest of the day, she had spent more than enough time thinking about already. The way Jasper had fidgeted and squirmed, how absolutely miserable she'd looked and how Lapis had both enjoyed it and felt sorry for her, and she hadn't even enjoyed it for the reasons she knew she was supposed to. She hadn't enjoyed it out and spite, and she'd pitied Jasper a bit as well, yet another thing that she knew wasn't supposed to happen between them.

So what exactly was between them? Were she and Jasper becoming friends? Were they becoming something else? What did it mean that she didn't mind being close to Jasper now? What did it mean that enjoyed it when Jasper wet herself? She was still no closer to uncovering the truth, and that made it increasingly more difficult to be around Jasper, but she knew Steven would be so disappointed if she started acting distant again.

And then Jasper came to her alone one day, taking her completely off guard. Lapis was briefly overcome with the urge to try to get away, but she knew that there she couldn't exactly get away with that, and what was more, there was that stupid part of her that had been wanting to spend time with Jasper again.

“Is there something I can help you with?” she asked.

“Yes,” said Jasper, then hesitated, looking a bit nervous. “That is...I think there might be something you could help me out with.” She glanced off to the side, and she actually blushed. Lapis found that she was blushing herself.

“And...what, exactly is that?”

“Well...” Jasper took a deep breath before she said, “I know you told that I shouldn't do that...thing in front of anyone else, and I haven't been. I've only pursued my interest in it on my own, but I've noticed that it isn't as...effective, when I'm by myself.”

Now Lapis was really blushing and she stammered, “Wh-what are you saying?”

Clearing her throat, she looked off to the side and muttered, “I think it would be more enjoyable if I had your assistance.”

Taken aback, Lapis' eyes widened. “Are you asking me to...you know... watch you or something?”

“I- I- you don't have to or anything like that.” For the first time, she noticed the way Jasper was fidgeting and wondered if she was already prepared for something like that. And there was the weird sensation that she still hadn't figured out, coming back like always. “I just thought that, since you were there before, I might need you to be there again for it to work. But if that's too much to ask...” Her blush deepened, and Lapis had really never seen Jasper behave like this before. She was struck by just how much the other woman was changing, but just like everything else going on in her life, she didn't know what to make of it.

“I don't really understand why you're so fascinated by that,” she mumbled, not able to look at Jasper.

“If you don't want to do anything, you don't have to,” Jasper snapped, but she couldn't hide the fact that she was disappointed. “I'll just...keep trying to figure out how to make it work by myself.” She winced, and it became a bit more obvious that she was holding right then and there. The temptation of getting to see Jasper do that again was too much for her, and she only hesitated for a moment before she spoke up.

“No, no, you don't have to...I can help you,” she said. “I mean, I guess I can, if you think it'll work.”

“It's...at least worse a try,” Jasper mumbled, but now she looked like she was trying to contain her excitement. “We shouldn't have to wait too long. I've already been preparing, in case you said yes.”

“Do you want to go out on the beach again?”

Jasper nodded. “Yes, I've got a place that's pretty out of the way. I haven't run into anyone else while I've practiced with this yet.” She said it all so professionally, considering the subject matter, that Lapis stifled a giggle while she followed her out to a secluded place on the beach.

They stood in silence for a moment before she broke it by asking, “So...what do you usually do now?”

“I just wait,” replied Jasper, shrugging. “There isn't much else I can do. If I consume the right amount of liquid, it usually doesn't take all that long.” She made a show of squirming around. “See? There's already so much pressure.” Lapis wasn't sure if she was imagining it or not, but it really looked like Jasper's smile was finally starting to soften up a bit.

She returned the smile, finding that it came a bit more naturally than it once would have. Who would have thought that this was what it would take to get them to finally starting bonding, the real way? She didn't know everything about human functions, but Lapis did know that this wasn't common, and wasn't really something that was supposed to be shared. It certainly wasn't something that an entire friendship between two people who had previously hated each other was supposed to be built on.

“Uh...so, do you want me to just watch you, or do you want to...tell me how it feels, or what?” Lapis felt herself blush once more as she asked this, but she found herself hoping that it was the latter.

“Maybe I can talk about it,” she replied. “I'm still not really sure how to describe all of this. Can you believe humans have to do this all the time?” She paused, looking contemplative. “I wonder if there are any humans who get pleasure out of it, or if it's too normal for them.” It never failed to surprise Lapis just how interested Jasper was becoming in human affairs. She couldn't have cared less once, but somehow Steven had managed to get through even to her.

“I don't know,” replied Lapis. “I think there are a lot of things about humans we'll never be able to understand.”

Jasper looked ready to reply, but then she winced, nearly doubling over. “The pressure is really bad now,” she said, her voice strained. “I feel really...full? I think that's the most accurate way to describe it. I feel like I'm too full and that I can't contain this for much longer.”

“You're starting to sound kinda technical,” said Lapis with a giggle. “Have you been taking lessons from Peridot?”

Jasper scowled at her before wincing again and shaking her head. “You asked me to tell you what it felt like, you know. If you have a better suggestion, go ahead and give it to me.”

“No, no, go on ahead,” she said, waving her hand and trying to stop her giggling. Jasper was looking really uncomfortable by now, growing closer to what she now knew was her limit, and it would only be a matter of time.

She crossed her legs, saying, “I've found that this helps a lot.” Bouncing on her knees, she looked so strange. She was always so large and intimidating, but this made her seem so vulnerable that it was a stark contrast. In fact, there was almost nothing scary about her when she was like this, and maybe that was why Lapis found her so much easier to be around. But the more she thought about it, she realized that, even if that were a part of it, there was definitely more to it than that.

Jasper went on about how it got worse as time passed, saying that even when she thought she couldn't possibly feel any fuller, she would, and that she couldn't keep still at all anymore. Her face was a strange one to try to read, between her looks of discomfort and her looks of an almost innocent happiness, as if this was all it took to take her cares away. Of all the things she would find to enjoy on earth, this had to be the most unusual.

She jammed a hand between her legs, panting. “This helps even more,” she said, “but it never helps for very long. Once it gets to this point, I know that I don't have much time left.” She groaned, her knees buckling, and Lapis struggled to catch her breath. This was really starting to have an effect on her, but what that effect was, she doubted she would ever be able to explain. She wondered if Jasper could tell what this was doing to her, and she wondered if that was why Jasper needed her there in the first place.

What was more, were they feeling the same sort of enjoyment? They were doing completely different things, but she had to wonder if the pleasure Jasper got from doing this was the same pleasure- and Lapis could at least admit that it was pleasure- that she got from watching. She felt herself growing tense in anticipation, waiting for that moment when Jasper finally did lose control, not able to look away for even a second, lest she miss it.

And then the moment was there, and Jasper's face relaxed, and she groaned, “And here's the final part,” and then she was wetting herself, but this time, there was a small hint of a smile on her face as she did so. Her clothes darkened a bit, and the sound of liquid spraying the sand was almost loud, even against the background noise of the ocean, the puddle in the sand growing rapidly. Lapis stared in fascination at the stream that never seemed to end, and she was sure that it lasted for a bit longer than a full minute this time.

The puddle left behind, when it was finally over, was absolutely huge, and it really was stunning that she was able to hold that much. Jasper seemed pretty proud of herself for it as well, but then an awkward silence descended over them. Now that it was over, neither of them really knew what to say about it. Lapis was just starting to think she should break the silence when Jasper did, mumbling, “That did...make things better.”

“Having me here?”

“Yeah. I...enjoyed your company more than I enjoyed being alone.” Her cheeks darkened. “If you'd like to...do this again...”

Lapis knew that she would and that there was no point in pretending that she didn't want to. “Yeah,” she said. “I'm...happy to help. I don't really mind...I mean...I kind of enjoyed it too...” She didn't know if she would ever be able to sort out these feelings, and she didn't know if spending more time with Jasper would make it harder or easier, but she did know that it wasn't worth avoiding her if there was a chance it wouldn't even help.

Jasper nodded, glancing off to the side. “Alright, so...next time, then?”

“Yeah, just...let me know when you want to.” Lapis offered her a small, nervous smile before they went their separate ways. So maybe she still didn't know where this was going or what this meant, but she was happy about whatever it was, and that wasn't something she'd ever expected to feel about Jasper. It had to be for the best that they pursued this, if it could really make the two of the get along so well.

