Custody battle (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-05 12:25

A/N: Commission

Elaine got lost during her search for Mewtwo, which is not at all good on her bladder. She has had to learn a lot of endurance during her time on the road, but even so, she has her limits. Perhaps she should have been more cautious before setting out, but of course, she didn’t think about it. That is definitely something that she needs to learn to be more careful about, and despite her growing endurance, it has been a lesson not all that easy for her to learn.

Still, she thinks that she can make it out of this situation without any real trouble. True, she is going to have to deal with what happens once she does find Mewtwo, but if it gets too bad before she finds her way, she can just relieve herself here, certain that no one will happen upon her with her shorts down. And if she can hold it long enough to get there, then she is sure that she can hold it to the very end.

But she underestimates her ability to find her way there, and she does not stop to consider other factors that might negatively impact her situation. When she is able to finally find Mewtwo, battling successfully and catching the Pokemon, she thinks that things are going well, and that it is nearly over. If she just retraces her steps, she can find her way back out of here a lot more easily than she found her way in, and she can use a proper bathroom in no time at all.

Elaine is sure that she can hold it that long, even though it is starting to get a little bit bad for her. In her mind, things are going well, but she just does not consider any other factors that might negatively impact the situation.

~X~

Leaf is on the hunt for Mewtwo as well, and not having much luck with her search at all. She wants to capture Mewtwo more than anything, and knows that she is just right for the task. She just has to actually find the Pokemon if she is going to pull this off, and there lies the problem. It is dark, and she is not sure where to look, which means that this is taking way too long.

Before she set off, she did not feel any need to pee, but now, things are starting to get pretty bad for her, though she does her best to ignore that fact. Her bodily needs can be put on hold for now, when there is something more important on the line. She does not want to waste time on something like that, and does not want to risk either getting caught doing that in the cave, or risk someone else beating her to her goal. More than anything else, she wants to press on, and her bladder is not going to get in the way of her getting what she wants.

As she moves forward, she keeps a Pokeball in her hand, ready to throw it whenever she so much as catches a glimpse of Mewtwo. Sure, it may be dark in here, but she has her eyes perfectly trained forward, studying the slightest movements, looking out for anything that might be her target. She is ready for this, more ready than she has ever been for anything.

Which is why she never considers the fact that someone could have gotten there before her. Of course, she is worried about that possibility, but that is why she is ignoring her own needs, why she is pressing on without stopping. In her mind, the fact that she is not worrying about her bladder and instead keeping her eyes on the prize should be enough to ensure that she is the one who emerges with what she set out for. There should not be any other reason for anyone else to beat her to her goal.

And so, when she sees something up ahead, slight movement, she knows it must be Mewtwo. It seems like this creature is roughly the right size, but it is too dark for her to really make it out. No matter; she has to be ready to strike now, before her chance is gone, and so, she throws her Pokeball, aimed perfectly and making direct contact.

“Ow! What was that?!” a young, female voice cries out, and Green realizes that this is not Mewtwo. But this is where Mewtwo should be, and no one else should have beaten her here, because she didn’t even stop for a bathroom break! Just what is going on?

~X~

Because Elaine never considered any other factors, she definitely did not expect to run into someone in the cave, or for that someone to throw a Pokeball at her, due to mistaking her for a Pokemon in the dark. With her goal achieved, she thought that she would be able to hurry back to civilization and empty her bladder, but the sudden strike of that ball puts an end to that assumption.

It also startles her so much that she leaks a little bit, but she is trying not to show that.

"Oh, whoops! You're not a Pokemon! Sorry, it's so dark in here, I saw you and thought you were some kind of Pokemon," the girls says. “Well, nice to meet you. My name’s Leaf!”

“I’m Elaine,” she replies. She hopes that they can wrap this up quickly, but she has a feeling that she is not going to be so lucky. In fact, she has a feeling that things are going to get a lot more complicated.

"So, hey, I'm just curious…are you here because you're also looking for…you know, something special?" Leaf asks. Yup, things are definitely getting more complicated.

“Do you mean Mewtwo?” Elaine asks in return, ready to just get down to business, rather than trying to play dumb.

“Right, Mewtwo!”

“Well, I actually already caught Mewtwo,” she says. She does not want to waste too much time on this conversation when she already has to pee this badly, so she’s blunt about it, not really caring about the fact that Leaf set out for the same goal as her.

Leaf, of course, does not take that well. “What? But that’s not fair! I’ve been searching all day, you can’t have caught him first!”

“How is that not fair? I’ve been searching too, and I’m the one who got here and caught him,” Elaine argues, not sure what Leaf is basing her own argument on. “That’s just the way things are.”

“No, no, that’s not right.” Even as she continues with the argument, Leaf can feel a twinge in her bladder, telling her that she needs to wrap this up. However, she has no interest in doing so, not until she gets what she wants. She did not come all the way out here, ignoring all her chances for a bathroom break, traversing the dark cave, just to find out that Mewtwo has already been captured, and that she does not even get a fair chance to try. Any other Pokemon, she might be able to walk away from and cut her losses, but this is not that sort of situation, not something she can just ignore.

“I don’t know what else to tell you,” Elaine says, wondering just how long this can go on for. She does feel a bit sorry for Leaf, because she knows how she would feel if she had ended up just a little bit too late, but there isn’t anything she can do. She can’t turn back time, and even if she could, it’s not like she would want to give up her catch, just so some girl she has never even met before wouldn’t be disappointed. Then she would just end up disappointed, and her journey would have been for nothing, and with how badly she has had to pee through most of it, that’s not something she would ever want to give up so easily.

Neither of them realize that the other is struggling with a similar battle, or that that is part of what makes the other so stubborn about it all. Of course, that is not the only reason for either, but it is weighing in on their decision quite a bit more than it should be, and makes Leaf a lot more stubborn about this, when she should really just cut her losses and make sure that she does not end up actually wetting herself. It is bad enough that she risked it for Mewtwo only to lose out, it would be worse if she ended up actually doing it because she could not accept the fact that someone else got there first.

And yet, even knowing that is the case, she just can’t bring herself to back down, not without the Mewtwo that she has her heart set on.

Elaine squeezes her thighs together, trying to keep her movements subtle. It is a little embarrassing to admit to her predicament, especially to a stranger, and she does not want to give Leaf anymore leverage over her. Leaf has not said anything for several seconds, just staring her down, and she wants to hope that that means they are nearly done with this. Of course, she knows better than to hope for something like that, and that is confirmed when Leaf finally speaks again.

“We should let him decide who he wants to go with,” Leaf insists. “It isn’t fair that you got to capture such an amazing Pokemon first, without even consulting him about how he feels on the matter.” She nods, clearly proud of herself, but Elaine is not convinced by that argument in the slightest. Mainly because she knows Leaf would not feel the same way if the tables were turned, and that she is just pulling this out of her ass to try and give Elaine pause.

“How does that make sense? Do you ask every Pokemon you catch if there’s some other trainer they’d rather go with?” Elaine asks. “I mean, does anyone do that? You’re getting into some pretty complicated territory if you’re going to suggest that is the only right way to do things.”

Leaf scowls at her, pausing as she tries to think of a response. Of course, she should have known that Elaine would get her there, but she had hoped the slightly younger trainer would just listen to her. That being said, she is not sure what she would do if Mewtwo decided that he wanted to stay with Elaine anyway, or worse, decided that he did not want to be caught, leaving them both with nothing and making her look quite bad if she decided to chase after him and subdue him anyway.

Actually, come to think of it, her argument does get into some complicated territory, but it is hard for her to think about those sorts of consequences when she just really has to pee, and wants to get the Pokemon she deserves, and get on out of here. Elaine is refusing her offer, and she should just accept that, because it could land them both in a worse situation, but she does not have much else to go on.

She needs to think of a way to convince the other girl, and fast, before she loses control. While she scowls and tries to think it through, Elaine shuffles from foot to foot, wondering if she should just try to slip past this girl and run for it. She is not going to make it much longer, and she has pretty much already given up on making it to a proper bathroom to do her business. At this point, she will just be glad for some level of privacy, so that she can empty her bladder and be done with it. She just needs to make sure that Leaf can give her that much.

“Look, I just think…I just think you shouldn’t make such a rash decision for a special Pokemon!” Leaf says. As bad as she knows her argument is, it is the only one that she can think of when her bladder is giving her such a big distraction, so she has to go along with it. Whatever it takes to help her along, and if she risks losing out completely and causes Elaine to lose out too, she supposes that is better than not trying at all, and never knowing if she had a chance.

“I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”

“It really should be his choice. He isn’t like any old Pokemon, you know. Mewtwo is very special, so…so…I just think it’s only fair that we both have a chance to see who he would rather go with!” she insists. No matter what it takes, she is going to fight for her chance, and maybe she will be lucky. Maybe Mewtwo will be able to tell that she is the more worthy trainer, and then it will all be worth it. Even if she has to stand with her legs crossed right now and feels like she could pee herself at any second, it will be worth it if she is the one who gets to walk out of here with Mewtwo.

“That’s not going to happen. You’re just trying to make excuses because you’re mad that I beat you to him, but that’s just life. I’m sorry that you wasted your time, but I’m not going to make all of my time be a waste,” Elaine says, hoping that is finally enough to get her point across. Of course, she does not really expect it to be, not with the way that Leaf has been having up until now. She does not seem like the type who is capable of seeing reason, even when that reason is as obvious as can be, even when it would make perfect sense to even the youngest and most simple minded of trainers.

These are just the rules of things, and Elaine doesn’t have time for this, besides which. Her bladder is about to burst if she does not get away from here soon, and Leaf is just irritating her more than anything, as she tries to fight against that and fight this stubborn girl who simply can’t take no for an answer.

However, she does not expect Leaf’s next argument to be, “You’re just saying that because you’re scared.”

“Excuse me? What do I have to be scared of, exactly?”

“You’re scared that Mewtwo will choose me over you, and then you’ll have to admit defeat! It’s so obvious that that’s the only reason you won’t let me have my fair chance. The fact that you have such a selfish heart is really proof that he would not want to choose you, so I guess I can’t really blame you for being so afraid.”

Elaine knows that this is just bait, and yet, she can’t stop herself from taking the bait. She glares and says, “There’s no way that would happen, because I did the right thing and got here first and caught Mewtwo first! He would recognize that as the right choice and want to stay with me!”

“You’re just applying human logic to it, but you don’t know that’s going to be the case,” Leaf says. “But if you’re so sure, if you really have nothing to be afraid of, then just let him out here, and we’ll see what he has to say on the subject.”

At this point, she knows that she is not going to be able to get out of here unless she humors Leaf. Besides, Elaine really wants to wipe that smug look off her face, nearly as much as she wants to find somewhere to empty her bladder. And so, she decides to go along with it, in the hopes that this will be over with quickly, and she can finally go pee. There is no doubt in her mind that Mewtwo will make the right decision, and then she can have some satisfaction to go with her relief.

However, it is already too late for her. She realizes it just as she is sending out Mewtwo, and the leak that she feels turns out to be more than just a leak. All at once, everything else is forgotten as she shoves her hands between her legs, crying out in her disbelief, trying to fight it off even though it is already happening. In front of her new Pokemon and the girl who seems to think that she is entitled to him, Elaine wets herself, the dark stain spreading on her shorts before she completely soaks through them.

Leaf is so stunned as she watches that she realizes too late that she has lost control as well. Her focus slips just enough for it to start coming out, and then she is wetting herself as well, and unable to put a stop to it either. The two of them face each other down as they pee themselves, and Elaine’s eyes widen, her horror turning to surprise and amusement when she realizes that Leaf is in the same boat as her.

However, the amusement does not last long, as a new feeling begins to take hold, one that Leaf is already beginning to feel. There is something about watching the other lose control that makes each girl feel…strange, in a way that they can’t quite put their finger on at first. But once they do figure out what it is, it only becomes that much harder to believe, because how could either of them possibly be turned on by the other? And by watching the other wet herself, no less!

But that is all there is to it, and with both of their bladders empty, and the two of them feeling awkward by how aroused they are, there is only one thing left to do- try and settle this mess with Mewtwo.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

