Traffic Troubles! [Art included]

Author: Zest

*000*2014-07-31 00:09

It had been a long day out. Zest had driven him and his fiancée Ashi to the beach, where they had spent the day hanging out, relaxing and drinking lovely drinks.

It was dusk, and they were halfway through their hour long car ride home. Zest's bladder was aching slightly at the torrent of soda drinks he had bestowed upon his body. He had foolishly neglected to release himself before embarking on the long trip home. But alas, half way through the relatively easy trip home, he made the decision to bear it until his arrival back home.

Ashi had noticed a few light squirms from the driver seat, to which she questioned. "I'll be fine", he reassured however, "Just gonna wait until we get home".

Though, as time went by, and 60 minutes until arrival became 30, Zest had developed a growing sense of urgency. He could feel his bladder bulging slightly outwards of his tummy, and he knew his battle with impatience could very well go down to the last second.

"Mrrff~", he fidgeted, "I.. I'm really getting pretty desperate now >.>" he commented, a blushing look upon his face as he sqeezed his thighs together.

"You know, you can just pull over a-", "NO".. he abruptly cut off Ashi, before the aluring desire of release filled his mind, "I can wait". He squeezed his legs as firmly as his driving stance would allow, a light whimper upon his breath.

Suddenly, tragedy. A line of red lights ahead of the car stopped the two in their travels. They ground to a halt, where they inched at a snail pace for several hundred feet.

"Oh man, we're gonna be late home", remarked Ashi. Zest's ears dropped in a sorryful face as he realised this, concluding that he would need to make his quest for relief an urgent matter, or risk destroying the fabric of his well loved car.

"I need to go, NOW", he informed Ashi, wriggling around in his seat to form a constant motion.

"Arf! Erm, well, if you can last another 2 minutes, there's a service station up ahead", Ashi replied in a manner best befitting of angst for her beloved partner.

"Ummfff >.< Okay", he replied, anxious in his tone, knowing the challenge to hold back his release now more challenging than ever before. He could feel the torrent of sweet release pushing at his shaft, like a body against a barracaded door, mercilessly relenting for it's sweet freedom.

The car inched closer, and closer.. now feet from the entrance to the run down service station.

"ASHI, I NEED TO GOOO. NOW", he exclaimed as a lapse of concentration allowed a single squirt of sugar coated yellow liquid onto the front of his car seat, "I.. I LITERALLY CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER!!"

Being able to do nothing more than look upon the situation, Ashi concerningly gave a worried look for her partner's woes. In a last vein attempt to defeat his battle against a torrent of release, he veered the car against the kerb, bumping the car gently alongside the queue of traffic and into the empty car park. The rythmic bouncing of the uneven ground audibly sloshing the enormous tank of urine waiting for it's overdue release inside the bladder of the woeful Husky.

He pulled the handbrake and darted out the car, leaving an open door and a now hand sized wet patch on his once immaculate car seat. He limped, paws over his crotch, to the door of the service station where he used his shoulder to enter the building.

As he saw the toilet sign, he began a victorious chain of thoughts, anticipating the pleasure he would feel as his bladder poured its contents against the bottom of the marble urinal. He could feel his bladder pushing ever harder at this possibility, the urine shooting up his shaft, being stopped by nothing more than the faint paw shielding the head of his member.

But, no. It couldn't be. It was not to be. A locked door, and an Out of Order sign. "No, WHY? I'M SO CLOSE, IT CAN'T BE", thought Zest, shrouded in an air of distraught. Though, his bladder lost what small mercy it had. The aluring thought of sweet release being too good of an opportunity to pass.

It was over. Zest had no control over the torrent of piss which poured from his aching bladder, all over the floor of the service station. Powerless, he could do nothing but prop himself against the door which seperated him from the happiest of endings, solumnly enjoying the immense pleasure of release his bladder was shrouding upon him, as he bore a face of embarrassment at his lack of bodily control.

He stood, panting, for almost a minute as his bladder emptied the last of its contents on the floor, before he shroudly shuffled over with a defeatest look to an unimpressed lady behind the counter of the store. "C.. can I borrow a mop?", he asked, in a manner best befitting in ill-behavied school child.

Ashi, curious as to the time her Husky companion was taking, looked over to the store, to see a red faced husky bearing a mop against the bathroom door. She could do nothing more than bear a slight chuckle, before leaving the car to offer some assistance.

*002*2014-08-14 23:24

{{:

Wow that was great! Keep up the wonderful work! I hope to see more from you. Love your picture too! <3

}}

Thank you so much! <33

It was Ashi who drew the picture so I can't take credit for that ^-^

