I Can't Pee More Than 10 Times or I`ll Die?! - Page 3

Author: Zentou

*000*2025-02-11 08:25

Chapter 8: Facing Family part 2

“What do you mean that thing is Tyria’s Dad?!” Lance asked, flabbergasted.

“What? Does that fact suddenly make you respect Tyria less?” Meliay asked accusingly.

”I never said that! Just… how would you even know that’s Tyria’s Dad? That’s a pretty wild thing to say out of the blue.”

Meliay sighed and sat down on the nearest chair. “It was when you were on vacation. She found out her dad was passing through town looking for her. It was only for a day so I almost forgot about it. But we saw him asking around in a bar while we were laying low. Lot of people told of Tyria’s earlier years, but after she met me, she hasn’t been causing as much trouble so people thought she moved on. So imagine my surprise when I found out Tyria’s Dad was… that person. And how Tyria is actually… Half Demon.”

Everyone sat in a stunned silence.“Um… don’t tell her I said that though. I technically wasn’t supposed to tell you.” Meliay anxiously said.

Lance then laughed, pointing his head straight up to the ceiling. He downed his drink in a single gulp, then chugged more directly from the bottle. “I wanna talk to Tyria. I want to see for myself what she wants to say.”

”No! Don’t! It’s a very sensitive topic for her, you can’t just bring it up out of the blue.” said Meliay.

“You’re sure?” asked Lance. Meliay gave a determined nod.

There was a knock on the door. An employee came in. “Dagalin, sir? Uh, one of your subordinates is making a racket down by the registration lobby. Could you please address it before we’re forced to kick them out of the premises?”

Everyone looked at each other. “Tyria,” they all said in acknowledgement, filing out of the room quickly. Faminelli took a step to follow, but her bladder responded with a spike of pressure on her pee hole. She stopped to hold herself, taking a few deep breaths to keep herself under control.

“Elli! Come on!” Dagalin shouted, giving Faminelli a scare, which caused another drop to fall into her defenseless sweatpants.

“C-Coming!” Elli said. Whatever control she had built up just slipped away again. She didn’t want to leak more into her pants as it wouldn’t be long before it would become too noticeable to hide. What could she use to soak up the leaks? She couldn’t think of anything other than her bare hands, slipping them under her waistband and applying pressure directly onto her womanhood. With a few more quick breaths, she did her best to keep up with everyone else.

###

“What do you mean you’re not taking any more applicants today!?” shouted Tyria to the lobby clerk.

“I’m sorry ma'am!” the clerk said behind his shaking hands, “We have a strict schedule to keep. We can’t just shove another match into the lineup. We need at least a week in advance!”

“That’s bullshit and you know it!” Tyria said, almost launching herself across the table to get in the clerks face, not caring in the slightest that her bladder was squished severely against the edge. “This is important! I need to get into that arena today!”

“Tyria!” shouted Dagalin, rushing up beside her.

The clerk nervously bowed. “Dagalin, sir! Y-You’re subordinate is causing quite a stir! Would you please reprimand them immediately?”

“You wanna say that again, punk!” Tyria shouted, reaching for his collar. Dagalin stepped in and pulled her away before she could grab the clerk.

“Hey! You need to cool it! Yelling isn’t gonna get you anywhere here!” Dagalin said, trying to wrestle Tyria still.

“No! You don’t understand!” Tyria said.

“Meli gave us some details. Just calm down for a sec!”

Tyria stopped, “She what?”

“Dagalin!” Meliay said behind Dagalin, “What did I just say?”

“Sorry,” said Dagalin, letting go of Tyria, “Letting her know felt like the fastest way to get her to think differently.”

Meliay stepped forward. “Tyria…”

“It’s fine,” Tyria assured her, “How much did you say anyway?”

Lance shoved his way through the crowd and approached Tyria like a distraught little kid. “You’re half Demon?!” he asked. A small amount of the crowd turned their direction, wondering if they heard them right. Meliay promptly shushed him, receiving a disappointed look from Tyria soon after.

“Anyway,” interjected Dagalin, “What are you trying to do?”

“I’m gonna go talk to him.” Tyria said with a determined expression.

“Huh?! Why?!” asked Meliay, “Weren’t you avoiding him all this time?”

Tyria looked down, slightly anxious. “I did. But the more I thought about it, the more I regretted it. I was a rebellious teen at the time and nothing scared me more than going back with my Dad. I just wish I at least told him I was okay. And regardless, he shouldn’t be chained to the walls of a coliseum to act as their raging bull!”

“He doesn’t look like he’s in the talking mood…” Faminelli commented nervously with a subtle cross of her legs.

“Plus, if you go in there, he’s probably gonna come out swinging!” said Lance. “What’s the plan then?”

“He trained me himself, guys,” Tyria said confidently, “He even told me his weaknesses back when I was little. I can do it, I just need to get in there.”

“I’m sorry,” said the clerk, “I absolutely cannot allow it! My boss would kill me!” Tyria glared at him with a low growl.

“And already, I see some resemblance,” Dagalin mumbled.

“I would kill who, now?” asked Kadareth, approaching the desk.

“S-Sir!” the clerk stammered, “These miscreants are demanding that they enter the arena right this moment! I’ve told them-!”

“Who?” Kadareth interrupted, looking over at Tyria's group, “And what business do you wish to have that would have you cause such a disturbance?”

Tyria stepped up. “I wanna fight against Nikatyr!”

“Who?” Kadareth asked in a bored expression.

Tyria sighed, “The Herald of Hell…”

Kadareth immediately chuckled. “You? Fighting such a beast?” He leaned towards Tyria’s face, “He will snap your frail, womanly body in half. And quite frankly, I’m not in the mood for sweeping any messes off my arena.”

Tyria stood her ground. “I can do it! Just watch me!”

Kadareth sighed, shifting his gaze over to Dagalin. “Quite honestly, I’m eager to knock you down a peg, Dagalin. What say you let your grunt put her money where her mouth is? Seems like you have a pretty lax leash around her anyway.”

“I am NOT a grunt! I am way more than that!” Tyria said threateningly.

“Sure darling.” Kadareth raised his eyebrow to Dagalin, waiting for confirmation.

“Don’t let her do this, Dagalin,” whispered Meliay, “Please, you have to stop her!”

Dagalin shrugged, “I could try, but has telling her what to do ever worked out for you?”

“I mean… it has… a couple times,” Meliay said hesitantly. Dagalin raised her brow skeptically. “Shit…” Meliay said with a pout.

“She’ll do it.” Dagalin said, “And if she win’s, I want 5% of the earnings here. Holder’s Honer!” She held out her hand, beckoning Kadareth for a shake.

Kadareth smiled. “And if the Herald wins,” he leaned and spoke directly into Dagalin’s ear, “I want another stab at your father’s seat.” he said, his voice slimy and snake-like, “Lord knows it’s time for that old man to move on. The future is now, and I hold the entirety of it in my hands.”

Dagalin visibly hesitated. Her arm dropped, but before she could drop it, Kadareth immediately snatched it and shook.

“It seems we have an understanding!” he said excitedly, much to Dagalin’s shock, “See you soon.” He walked away, cackling as he did so.

Dagaling grabbed her wrist. “Ugh, asshole!”

Tyria turned to the clerk. “Well, you heard them! How do I get in?”

The clerk gave a defeated sigh. “Man, that’s a lot of extra paperwork I have to process.” He pulled a ring of keys off his belt and beckoned to Tyria, “Come on then.”

Before Tyria could follow, Meliay grabbed her by the wrist. “Be careful, alright!’ she said, doing her best to hide overwhelming worry. “And… how are you feeling… here?” she asked, softly touching Tyria’s abdomen.

“I can’t let this opportunity slip past me,” Tyria said, “Even in this less than ideal state. But I should be good enough to fight.”

“Don’t lose!” Dagalin added instinctively. She then turned her head away slightly, seeming regretting having spoken up. Tyria had a sense that Dagalin was genuinely concerned about losing the bet against Kadareth. No matter, Tyria knew she wasn’t going to lose anyway.

“I’ll be fine guys, really.” Tyria said confidently. Meliay reluctantly released her grip and Tyria followed the clerk to the locker room.

###

Tyria could hear the faint voice of the announcer behind the big wooden door. It was dark in the room she waited in. Still, it was no time to be nervous. She took a deep breath, adjusted her rental armor, and felt the shape of her sword with her finger tips, making sure that it was perfect.

However, having moved on from the spur of the moment, she grew more aware of her body. That familiar, uncomfortable twinge of pressure on her pee hole annoyed her to no end. She groaned, shifting her weight side to side trying to make the feeling go away. But if anything, it only made it worse. The more time passed, the more it made itself known, like an annoying buzzing fly. Since no one else was with her, she opted to grab her crotch with as much force as possible. Now her need was overridden with a subtle numbness for the time being.

The doors opened with the huge creaking hurting her ear and jolting her bladder with the vibrations in the air. “... give it up for Tyria!” said the announcer as she walked out. She received a paltry applause from the audience. No matter, being a newcomer to an arena doesn’t get you much fanfare anyway. “And for our last match, we’ve chosen no tougher opponent! She will be facing the Herald of Hell in 1 on 1 combat!” The crowd erupt in cheer, many laughing and questioning Tyria’s ability.

The doors on the opposite rattled with a forceful bash, silencing the crowd. The bashing was so violent, Tyria had a hard time trying to keep her balance and her bladder in check as the vibrations sent ripples through to her urethra. She looked up at the stand, seeing the rest of her group watching from the same private booth from earlier.

Meliay and Lance stood close to the window. Dagalin got comfortable on a chair. And Faminelli tried to make her presence as unnoticeable as possible. She rubbed her legs tightly together and gripped the arms of her chair tightly, her own need to pee becoming unbearable.

“Now, are you all ready?!” asked the announcer, the crowd responding loudly, “3, 2, 1! Go!” The locks on the other door snapped open and The Herald of Hell burst through immediately, roaring into the air like a wild beast. The crowd cheered, almost deafening Tyria outright. But she had to shut out the noise and try something. She held out her hand and lowered her sword.

“D-Dad?” she asked, her voice low enough not to be heard by the crowd. “It’s me, Tyria.” The Herald prowled around the edge of the arena, like a predator ready to pounce. He didn’t seem to know where Tyria was yet. “I know it’s been a while. I shouldn’t have run off like that and made you worry. But what are you doing here? What happened?” Tyria got close enough to gently rest her palm on the Heralds arm. But in that instant, he growled and swatted her away all the way to the other side of the arena. She crashed right against the wall, caving it in slightly and knocking the wind out of her. That felt just like one of the blows she would take when she trained with her dad a long time ago. This was something she did not miss at the moment. Especially as it felt like her bladder got flattened along with her lungs.

###

“Tyria!” shouted Meliay, banging her palm on the glass. Lance and Dagalin gasped. Faminelli wandered back over to the door, wriggling her legs as tightly as she could. Maybe this time someone would help her. She saw a crowd approaching.

“U-Um, e-excuse me?” she asked nervously, “Do you all happen to know where a bath-”

“Move lady!” a man said, shoving her face back inside the room and making her fall on her back. “There’s an idiot trying to fight the Herald all by theirself! I gotta see this!” said the man's voice as he walked away. Faminelli curled up tightly on the floor with her hands clutching her crotch as tightly as possible, trying to keep the flood at bay. She mewled in a strained voice, her body quivering from the effort.

###

Tyria fell back on her feet with a heaving breath. She barely rolled to the side on time to avoid The Herald crashing into the wall. He gave chase, Tyria dodging and weaving every swing of his arms that were as thick as trees. Then with one swing, he left himself wide open. Tyria held her sword up to head, ready to thrust. But… She hesitated. The Herald was still her father. Was attacking him really going to help anything? The Herald didn’t ponder on such matters as he seized Tyria with his big meaty fist.

He stared at her menacingly and crushed his grip as hard as he could. Tyria squealed in pain. Meliay and the others gasped as they anxiously pressed themselves against the glass. Tyria felt her joints pop, the air getting forced out of her lungs, and a jet of pee shooting out into her pants! Wait, what?! Her poor little bladder was under so much pressure that it was being juiced like a lemon. She crossed her legs and clenched her urethra as hard as she could. She felt her squeezed pee bashing against her pee hole like a wave hitting a wall. If she didn’t do something quick, she would die and be left defenseless. Seeing as it was against her father, she felt had no other choice.

With a shaky breath, she closed her eyes and concentrated. Then her eyes flared open, flashing their iris’s to a crisp amber color. Her skin glowed with a bright fluorescence and her hair boiled with red crackling energy. She growled in anger and forced her arms apart, slowly opening The Herald's iron grip. He gritted his teeth, trying to close it as hard as he could. But Tyria soon got her arms free and began to force his fingers apart, Finally, she was able to grab her sword again and slash The Heralds eyes, making him recoil in pain. Tyria jumped and grabbed him by the horns, slammed his head into the ground, then swung him in circles before finally chucking him against the wall on the other side of the arena.

The crowd roared from the comeback. Tyria clenched her teeth and roared up into the air with them like a wild beast. But before she could continue for long, she clawed at her head and fell to her knees. Her powerful glow fading just as fast as it came.

###

Lance could barely speak. “W-What the hell was that?” he asked nervously.

“If she get all powerful like that, why didn’t she use that against The Stars?” asked Dagalin.

“Enough!” said Meliay, “I’m sure Tyria has her own reasons. She’ll tell us when she’s ready.”

“In hindsight, I got my ass kicked without her little powerup. I’d hate to think what would’ve happened to me if she went all out.” said Dagalin. She then heard crunching ice on the other side of the room. Faminelli waddled with her twisted legs to the farthest corner of the room with an ice bucket meant for holding wine.

Dagalin gave her a curious look, “Elli? What are you doing?”

Faminelli jumped, then curled her body with her legs as the jolt threatened to make her lose control. “I-I really have to pee! P-Please don’t look over here!” she said with a strained voice.

“You hear that Lance, no peeping on the girls!” Dagalin teased.

“I’m not in the mood for jokes.” Lance said seriously. Dagalin cleared her throat as she tried to shove the awkwardness to the back of her mind.

###

Tyria felt the world rematerialize around her, the last few seconds had been a blur. For a split second, she swore she could see the slightest hint of recognition in The Herald's expression. But it quickly faded away for bitter anger, his slashed eye quickly regenerating the damage done to it. He huffed steam through his nostrils and got ready to charge at Tyria with everything he had. She knew that she would have to end it here.

With her sword up by her head, she waited for The Herald to make his move. With a huge roar, The Herald galloped on all fours towards Tyria. Tyria closed in at the same time. As the two met in the middle, The Herald thrust its arms forward for a huge grab. Tyria slid underneath, then with one quick thrust, plunged her blade into his heart. The crowd went quiet.

Tyria pulled her blade out and stepped aside. The Herald fell to the floor motionless.

“I-I can’t believe it!” shouted the announcer, “This first time attendee has taken down The Herald of Hell all by herself on her first try! Just who is this person?! How strong are they actually?! This is a historic day for The Holder Arena!”

The crowd erupted into a mixed reaction of cheers, boos, and fearful comments. Those few could sense it. A real demon child, standing amongst them all. Why was she here? Is there something sinister going on? Will they all be in danger if they let her walk free?

Tyria pushed these comments to the back of her head and knelt down by The Herald’s head. “Why? Why are you here?” she asked solemnly. “What happened?” The Herald remained motionless. “Dad… I-”

“Alright, that’s enough! Back off!” said an arena employee, pulling Tyria up and away from The Herald. She gasped as a horde of employees surrounded the Herald and resecured the chains around his wrists.

“Stop! What are you doing! I still need to talk to him!” shouted Tyria trying to wrestle herself out of the employees grasp. But another hand grasped her shoulder and tossed her to the ground.

“I believe you’ve done enough, girl.” Tyria saw that it was Kadareth. “I believe it was just a fight you wanted, nothing more. Plus, it would be bad for business if you went around killing our assets.”

Tyria angrily stood up. “I wasn’t gonna kill him! I need to just talk to him”

“Oh, I’m sure.” Kadareth said sarcastically. “Unfortunately, we have a lot of extra paperwork that just stacked up because of you. And quite frankly, none of us want to deal with a childish outburst from you on top of that.”

“Excuse me!” Tyria advanced, but two guards came up behind Kadareth and pointed their spears at her. Tyria scoffed, “Fine! But I demand I be given an audience with him!”

“By all means.” Kadareth then leaned towards her mockingly, “But this time, make an appointment first.”

Tyria concealed her growl under the cheer of the crowd. A guard came and grabbed her arm to escort her off the premises, but she aggressively pulled it away and made her way out on her own.

###

“We should go,” said Dagalin, “Kadareth gets unbearably bitter when he loses.”

“Agreed, I can’t stand this place.” said Meliay. They all left through the door. But before Dagalin went through, she heard the slight pattering of a stream on the other side of the room.

“Oh yeah,” she said, “Elli! It’s time to go!”

Faminelli’s head peered over the bar counter. “Huh?! B-But I just started-”

“Come on or you’ll have to find your own way out of here!” Dagalin said as she stepped out of the room.

“No! Please wait!” Faminelli clutched her crotch with both hands, trying to stop her stream. It poured through her hands, splattering on the expensive carpet. But through a herculean effort, she managed to stop the stream, much to bladders immense protest. Her pee hole muscles hurt so much, almost like the walls of her urethra were red hot metal. But being left behind in this place was much scarier than worrying about needing to pee. Once she had an opportunity, she slipped her sweatpants up her legs as fast as possible, then hurried out the door as fast as her hunched body and crossed legs could carry her. The ice bucket she left behind was stained a slight tinge of yellow.

Dagalin watched from down the hall as Faminelli waddled out, wiping her pee drenched fingers on her sweat pants so that it wouldn’t look suspicious. Dagalin knew she could’ve waited at least two minutes for Faminelli to finish, but where was the fun in that? She stared amusingly at Faminelli’s dancing legs as she approached. The excitement welled up between Dagalin’s legs. She would like to have some fun on the way back home.

###

Kadareth oversaw the operation to get The Herald back inside the arena barracks. An employee approached him.

“Sir! I have an update!” he said.

“Speak, Zade.” Kadareth said.

“We’re ready to send pursuers after the girl. Just waiting on your word.”

“Forget it. What happened here matters little in the grand scheme of things.”

“Sir?”

Kadareth glanced at Zade with the side of his eye. “Did we get any updates for Operation Firework?”

“Oh, yes! The Barateth Clan just submitted their report this morning. We should be ready to move the goods in a short amount of time.”

Kadareth chuckled menacingly. “Good. That means I can force Dagalin’s hand. Begin the gathering.”

“What?! Sir, the earliest The Barateth Clan can get the goods loaded for shipping is next week. Why would we gather our forces so early? We would be very vulnerable to discovery that way.”

“Then send our own men to help them. Tell Barateth she owes me a favor and the nightshift crew that if they can get it all ready by tomorrow night, I will double their wages for the day.”

The employee perked up and saluted proudly. “Of course, sir!” he hurried off.

Kadareth sighed and pulled out a decorated envelope of red and black. It had a wax seal of The Holder Insignia. “Alright Dagalin, it’s about time you stop hiding behind your fathers shadow. It’s time for you to step up and show us who you really are.” He cackled up into the air. Everything was going better than he had hoped.

###

The trip back was silent and tense. Tyria trailed towards the back. Despite her mind being weighed down by the events of the day, she caught herself walking cautiously with her legs tight together. The adrenaline had worn off and her bladder was continuously massaging an uncomfortable urge against her pee hole.

She wasn’t nearly as bad as Faminelli though, who was breathing heavily, even slightly wheezing, with her hands deep inside her sweatpants pressing against her pee hole. Every step was frantic and desperate. She never fully recovered from having to stop her full stream and was having to deal with droplets of pee obstructing her pee hole. Dagalin kept a close watch, clutching her arms tightly as she watched Faminelli’s orange striped tail dance around, with it sometimes going stiff every time she tensed up. Dagalin enjoyed the heat building up around her lower lips.

Meliay and Lance silently lead the pack, both stuck in their thoughts. The sun was setting and the town was plunging into darkness. Lights flared on along their path and the people on the streets grew sparse. By the time they got to the front door of the house, the sun was gone and no one had said a word.

Once they entered, Faminelli shoved her way through, bolting straight for the bathroom with her hand awkwardly between her legs. But Dagalin held her by the wrist.

“Elli, could I go first? I actually have to go pretty bad.” she said with a smile.

“Stop messing with me! No!” whined Faminelli, using Threaddy to pry Dagalin’s hand off her. Dagalin then noticed a stern look from Meliay.

“Eh, I tried.” Dagalin said. Meliay rolled her eyes and scoffed.

Faminelli slammed the bathroom door shut and desperately fiddled with the waistband of her sweatpants. The sight of the toilet right in front of her triggered a switch in her bladder, forcing it to ease up in anticipation for release.

“No, please! Just one more second!” But her bladder didn’t even give her that as a huge spurt shot straight down the inside of her sweatpants before she could even finish her sentence. She gasped and held tighter, catching the stream for half a second before the pressure built up so fast that it punched straight through her redoubled effort. Forget saving the clothes! They weren’t even her own. She tugged her sweatpants straight down, her pee stream chasing it on the way down. She wriggled over the bowl, still trying to lose as little as possible on the floor before planting her butt on the toilet, finally gushing everything she had all at once. It was almost like a pressure washer with how the stream rang across the inner ceramic.

Faminelli sighed, but realized just how much noise she was making. The heavy stream started pouring loudly into the water as it rose. Her face went beet red as she tried her best to limit the stream to a gentle trickle. But for her stream, there was only off or full power. And considering how exhausted her pee hole was, she gave in and continued to pee full force, covering her eyes in embarrassment.

Outside, Dagalin sat against the wall near the bathroom door, her ears perking up at the sound of Faminelli’s stream. She rubbed her legs anxiously, feeling so pent up from the last few days. She herself felt a slight need to pee stacked on top of her other urges, if only she could get desperate sooner. Today had to be the day where she would finally relieve herself in more ways than one, or else she would go crazy.

Tyria, Meliay, and Lance gathered tensely in the living room. The events of what just happened still weighing heavy on their minds.

“Tyria,” Lance said first, “Your Dad…”

“He’ll be fine.” Tyria said, “You can’t kill demons with just a regular pierce to the heart. He’ll probably wake up in a few hours.”

“Oh yeah, the demon thing…” said Lance.

“Lance!” Meliay scolded with a bat of her hand.

“I-It’s okay…” Tyria said nervously, “I just… want to know what you guys think?”

“What do I think?!” Lance stood up and grasped Tyria by the shoulders, “Tyria, who cares what I think! What do you think?”

“Me?!” Tyria asked, flabbergasted, “I’m thinking about what you might be thinking!”

“But you must be thinking that I’m thinking of something I would never think of! So you tell me what you’re thinking of so I can tell you what I’m thinking in confidence!”

“Ugh, you two!” Meliay shoved the both of them away from each other and plopped them both on the bed. “Why don't we act like adults and just talk. Lance, you go first.”

“What?! You just want me to go first because you’re scared of what Tyria’s thinking too!” Lance complained.

Meliay growled and tightened her grip on Lance’s shoulder. “Isa,” she muttered. Frost immediately started spreading from Meliays fingers, spreading through Lance's shoulder.

“Okay, okay! Fine!” he said with a gasp, smacking Meliay’s hand away. He took a quick breath and steeled himself with his hands at his knees. “Tyria, I don’t care!” A moment of silence washed over them.

Meliay spoke first, “...So, are you going to elaborate on that or-”

“I-It’s not that I don’t care about what’s going on and such, o-or you!” Lance said in a panic. Tyria kept her expression reserved. “I-I just… Tyria, even if you are half demon, does that make everything we’ve done together any less real?”

Tyria’s lip quivered.

“You’re still that girl I invited to our home. The girl I got into so much trouble with. The girl that kicked so much ass. The girl that helped so many people!”

Meliay started to regret her decision. She could feel Lance’s feelings ramping up, something she wasn’t ready to face nor hear Tyria’s answer to. She needed a distraction, something, anything!

Lance stood up and held Tyria’s hands tenderly. “Tyria, y-you’re the girl that I-”

Faminelli sheepishly held her head outside the bathroom door. “Um guys…?”

“YES?!” Meliay answered with a bigger yell than she meant to. Lance and Tyria recoiled from the noise and drifted away uncomfortably. Meliay felt bad and incredibly awkward. She even saw Dagalin rocking against the wall silently flailing her hands around her head silently asking why she would interrupt such a moment. Meliay could only clear her throat and continue. “Yes… um, Elli?” Her eyes blinking and darting rapidly.

Faminelli could tell she interrupted something and started to stammer. “I-I think the… um… t-toilet is broken…”

“Huh? Lemme see!” Dagalin said a little too excitedly, barging her way through Faminelli and into the bathroom.

“H-Hey! P-Please don’t look at it!” Faminelli said in a panic. Dagalin ignored this plea wholeheartedly and inspected the toilet on the outside, giving special attention to the golden liquid resting inside. “D-D-Dagalin! P-Please-” Faminelli couldn’t take the embarrassment much more and buried her flushed face under her hands. Dagalin glanced back slightly with a smile. Faminelli was so easy to tease that she almost felt bad. Well, time to actually see what the problem is. She jiggled the lever and found that there was absolutely no resistance.

“Is it clogged?” Lance asked, trying to lighten the situation, only to receive another bat of the hand from Meliay.

“No, there’s just no water in it at all.” Dagalin said.

Lance gave a confused look, “Huh? How does that happen?”

“I dunno! The tank has no water in it so it just isn’t working.”

“Lemme take a look at it. I’ve fixed a lot of things at my house before.”

“Pft, you broke more things than fixed, my guy.” Tyria said teasingly.

“Then let this be one more tally for my ‘fixed things’ tally.” Lance walked confidently towards the bathroom, Faminelli quickly shutting the lid before he entered.

###

Though Lance worked diligently for the better part of an hour, he was never able to get the toilet to work again. Rather, the real reason for the problem came when Faminelli, while sorting through all the cupboards in the house, found a mailbox filled to the brim with letters. Some of the letters were even forcefully smashed inside while later deliveries opted to just toss them all over the floor.

Tyria, Meliay, and Dagalin were watching the magic pane casually. Tyria however, sat on the edge of the bed, her need growing steadily. It lulled above her pee hole, placing a rolling pressure upon it. She sat with legs crossed and her palms kneaded the thighs uncomfortably. Her bladder was even starting to become solid and more pronounced through her abdomen. Though she felt like this, what could she do? It didn’t matter if the toilet was fixed, she couldn’t use it anyway. She sighed, continuing to endure the need she was forced to not address.

Faminelli came to break the news.

“Guys… uh, there was a letter saying that the city shut off the water to the house. We don’t have water anywhere here!” she explained.

“Really?!” asked Meliay, standing up to test the faucets. It was true. With a turn of the handle, nothing more than a splash poured out. “What the heck…” she said to herself.

“Ugh,” Lance groaned with a clatter of tools coming from the bathroom. “Great, now I just wasted an hour of my time.”

“At least it wasn’t you that broke it.” said Tyria.

Lance came back to the living room. “Yeah, it was the guy who owns the place. Dagalin’s friend right? Speaking of which, we haven’t even seen that guy the whole time we’ve been here. You sure he lives here?”

“I’m sure he’s around. Last I checked he was… a bit of a workaholic.” said Dagalin.

“W-What are we gonna do if we need to use the bathroom again?” asked Faminelli.

“I’ll find a bucket,” said Lance.

“Absolutely not!” Meliay said determinately.

“Then I’ll just use it for myself. You all can figure out what to do with yourselves.” Lance said, exiting the house from the front door.

Faminelli gave a worried expression. “H-He’s right, what are we gonna do with ourselves?”

Meliay didn’t have an answer. All the public bathrooms in the Inns and Taverns are bound to be closed by now. Worse still, even she was starting to feel a little twinge of needing to pee. Her lunch was catching up with her.

“Quite honestly, I’m feeling a little parched.” said Dagalin, “I don’t even remember the last time I had a drink. Elli, did you find anything around the house?”

“Well… I found some old potion materials and… whatever this is. But I’m not sure if it’s any good.” Faminelli brought a dusty wine bottle. Dagalin’s eyes widened as she immediately leapt and snatched the bottle away from Faminelli. “Oh! I-I’m sorry! Did I do something wrong?”

“No, no!” Dagalin assured her, “It’s just…” Dagalin wiped the dust off the bottle. She felt the scratched glass on its surface. It was a drawing of a heart with the name ‘Adalin!’ scribed into the middle. She popped the cork off and took a whiff. The smell of the unique alcohol filled her with nostalgia. “He kept this…” she muttered, her voice cracking with wistfulness.

“Huh?” Faminelli asked.

“It’s nothing!” Dagalin said dismissively, “Does anyone want a drink?”

Meliay’s eyes immediately darted to Tyria, who was already rolling off the bed. “Tyria, no!” she shouted, wrapping her arms around her waist, “We have to give you as much time as possible!”

“But I’m so bored!” Tyria said in a dramatic fashion.

Meliay tightened her grip. “Quit being a drama queen! We’ll have something to do tomorrow!”

Tyria gasped. Meliay’s grip was right over her bladder. “Meliay! Stop!” she cried.

“Oh my god, Tyria, I’m sorry!” Meliay said, immediately taking her arms away. Only for Tyria to immediately shoot up from the bed with a laugh. Meliay had been tricked. “Hey!” Tyria reached over for a glass that had already been poured by Dagalin and drank it in one gulp, prompting a disappointed groan from Meliay.

“Suppose you keep the girl away from the party, but not the party away from the girl.” Dagalin said. Tyria nodded in agreement.

She smacked her lips, “Damn, this tastes good. What is it?”

“It was a custom order. Though, I don’t even think I remember what was in it. It was so long ago.” Dagalin said wistfully.

Tyria pushed her glass forward. “Can I have another?”

“Sure, go ahead,” said Dagalin.

“Tyriaaaaaaaaaa,” groaned Meliay.

“Why don’t you have a glass, huh?” asked Tyria, “I think everyone’s been tense for quite a while. We need some edge taken off.”

“Tell me about it,” muttered Dagalin, rubbing her thighs together, thinking she’s been on edge for a lot longer than everyone else.

“Ugh, fine. Having to wrangle you around is stressful enough as it is.” Meliay said with a sigh.

Dagalin slid her and Faminelli a glass. “We’re only one boat ride away from saving Tyria, we have plenty of time. Don’t let some measly curse get in the way of living our life to the fullest.”

Meliay’s ears perked up at this. “Sure, whatever.” The girls cheered and clinked their glasses together.

###

The crickets chirped in the night. The wine bottle was empty and the glasses were scattered around the room. Everyone laid softly among their beds, snoring the night away, all except one.

Tyria remained in the darkness of her closed eyes. Sharing a bed, she did her best to not disturb Meliay and Lance by not tossing and turning. But sleep never came, she couldn’t even feel her mind easing into sleep. Her bladder simply wouldn’t allow it.

The attention it required now was too great to comfortably handle. Tyria was a chest sleeper, yet her bladder had grown to such a substantial size that it felt like trying to lie down on a soccer ball, so she was forced to face upwards. Secondly, her bladder wasn’t manageable with just her pee hole muscles anymore. She constantly messaged her uncomfortable crotch methodically, switching hands every time one or the other got tired while curling up like a caterpillar to ease the pressure as much as she could. But these paltry solutions wouldn’t solve the main problem. She just had to pee too badly.

A wave of desperation emanated from her crotch and sent a chill up her spine. With a slight gasp, she was forced to throw down both her hands and press down hard. The smallest of leaks had already managed to escape and dampen her pants. It was at this moment her eyes flew open, she has had enough. Sleeping through the night wasn’t an option anymore.

She carefully swung herself up from the bed, the gravity affecting her bladder only worsening her need. Standing up, she tested the idea of releasing her hands. But her urethral walls threatened to fly open way too quickly, forcing her to reapply the both of them urgently.

“Shit…” Tyria said silently. Steeling herself with a stationary hold, she felt comfortable enough to navigate the dark and make her way out the front door. The night was deep and the air was still. Tyria decided that she would just hang out somewhere discreet and hold her pee as long as she could, only peeing when she absolutely couldn’t hold it anymore. Hopefully that would efficiently use her 5th life.

Tyria waddled to the backyard, set up a dusty chair, and silently endured her need. It felt endless. Just sit there, crossing legs, holding her crotch, breathing heavily, and constantly wondering when her time would be up. It was tedious and tense. On one hand, why doesn’t her bladder fail already? Was that potion too good? She wanted to be done with this. And yet, she wanted to keep going as long as she could to make the most use of her limited lives. Logic and boredom clashing, she considered the possibility of just pulling down her pants and watering the parched grass. Her arms snaked their way down her waistband, seriously considering the possibility.

“Tyria?” asked a voice to her side. Tyria jolted slightly, forcing her to reapply her hands to her crotch as another leak squeezed its way through her pee hole. Meliay had come up from the front of the house. “Are you okay?”

Tyria sighed. “I can’t do it. It’s gotten so bad.” she said, seething through teeth.

“I can only imagine.” Meliay said solemnly. She leaned against the wall next to Tyria. “Is there anything I can do to help?”

“There isn’t really much you can do.” Tyria said, switching her crossed legs. “I’m just gonna wait it out, you know.”

“Well, I can make sure you don’t fall.” Meliay suggested.

Tyria gave a warm smile. “Thanks, Meliay.”

The two spent a few more moments awaiting the inevitable. Tyria kept up her dance and Meliay massaged her back comfortably. Meliay gave a quick yawn, having been awoken from slumber. As her mind came back to its senses, she could feel the slight twinge of her pee hole letting her know that she’s got a substantial amount in her bladder. Not enough to be threatening, but enough to be annoying.

Then there was a frantic set of footsteps that rounded the corner of the house. Dagalin rushed over, her hand down her pants, which had a substantial wet spot the size of a baseball covering her crotch.

“Aw! You too are already back here?” she asked, her chest heaving from her heavy breaths.

“Yeah… but what the heck is happening to you?” Meliay asked, “Do you have to pee also.”

“Uh… yeah, let’s go with that.” Dagalin said with a sigh, suddenly thanking internally that her flushed face was obscured by the night. She walked over next to them. “So, what are you two up to?” She asked, wiping her fingers on the back of her pants.

Meliay explained the situation.

“Ah, I getcha. Should I help find things to pass the time?” Dagalin asked.

“If you could get the magic pane out here, that’d be nice.” Tyria said, holding back another wave.

“Well, it won’t be a magic pane, but I have the next best thing.” Dagalin shuffled back into the house, and a few minutes later, came back with a huge story book. “I can read the stories in this bad boy!” Dagalin smacked the cover, kicking up a huge cloud of dust. Dagalin and Meliay coughed, Tyria luckily being spared from it.

“Thanks for that,” Meliay said sarcastically.

“Sorry! It’s dark so I didn’t realize how dusty it was. Now…” Dagalin opened the book and snapped her fingers, lighting up a blue crystalline scorpion tail tied to the end of the book, “Which one should I read first?”

“You got Popper and the Snake Trail in there?” Tyria asked.

“Sure, I can find it somewhere.” said Dagalin, sitting down against the wall and flipping through the pages.

“You’ve heard that story a thousand times, Tyria.” said Meliay.

Tyria leaned back with a sigh. “What’s one thousand and one, huh?”

Dagalin started telling the story, speaking of the events of a man named Popper who used an old warship to save the world from an invading snake-like alien race.

Tyria chuckled slightly. “That scene of the broadside of cannons never gets old.”

“You’d see a thousand more times if you could,” said Meliay, “If anything… whoa! Nghhhn!” Meliay crossed her legs and threw a hand down to her crotch. A sudden wave of desperation came out of nowhere and threatened to immediately spurt out of Meliay’s pee hole. She felt a familiar numbing of her crotch muscles.

“Dagalin!” she said sternly, giving Dagalin a stern look.

“Oh thank god,” Dagalin said, closing the book, “I was getting worried it didn’t work. I’m close to dying over here!” The illuminated tail showed that the book, in addition to being dusty, had remnants of Varnspydir powder on the cover.

“Why the heck would you do that!” said Meliay, straining.

Dagalin smirked, “Well, there was something I really, really wanted to do for a while. A huge fantasy of mine. And I wanted to get revenge on you, Meli! Consider this payback for making me pee myself upside down in the air.”

“It was you who stole our stuff in the first place!” Meliay said, sticking a finger on her pee hole, “I could’ve given a far worse punishment!”

“Oh yeah, huh.” Dagalin said, genuinely remembering just now. “Well, consider this my one up over you, Heehee!”

“This isn't funny!” Meliay quickly applied her other hand to compensate for her numbing muscles. “I’m just using the bathroom, how about that?”

“What bathroom?” Dagalin said cheekily, “Ours doesn’t work and you don’t know the city enough to know where the public bathrooms are. And just for good measure, you don’t even know where Lance’s bucket is. Face it, you’re just gonna have to hold it like Tyria and I.” She stood up, forgetting she was under the effect of the Varnspydir powder, and immediately leaked audibly into her pants. “Oh crap!” she said, shooting her hands down to her crotch. But in doing so, she also dropped the book on the ground, sending another plume of power up into her face. “Oh come on!” she said with a cough. A streak of pee trailed down the inner part of her left leg, stopping just before her knee.

“Karma.” Meliay said.

“You just don't want me to go through this by myself, do you?” asked Tyria.

Dagalin waved the powder away from her face. “I mean… I guess that could be part of the reason.”

“You’re really weird, you know that.” Tyria smiled, “But, thank you.”

Dagalin rubbed her nose with her finger, getting even more powder up there and causing her to sneeze. She twisted her legs like licorice and held her crotch even harder. “You’re welcome, Mnph! I really appreciate it. So before we get too sappy, let's explain the game.”

“What game?” Meliay asked, raising her knees high.

“The fantasy of course! I’ve always wanted to get a group together to see which one of us could hold their pee the longest between us! And see an opportunity here, I just had to take it!”

“That’s stupid!” Meliay shouted.

“I’ll play!” said Tyria, her competitive nature showing.

“Tyria! Don’t play this game with your life at stake!” said Meliay.

“It’s gonna happen eventually anyway. So might as well make something out of the situation, right?”

“You’re delusional. I’ll just relieve myself in the bushes and give back to mother nature. I refuse to get caught up in these antics.” Meliay moved away, shuffling her legs together.

Dagalin smirked. “Oh, but Meliay! What if I used my friend coupon on this?”

Meliay froze, “Please don’t…”

“But I might.”

“Do not!”

“But I might!”

“Don’t even think about it!”

“Buuuut I might!”

Meliay turned around, another hand snaking its way down her hip to join her other hand. “So soon?! And on such a weird thing?!”

“Let’s not pretend that you haven’t used it on weird things either,” said Tyria.

“I would never!” Meliay said.

Tyria raised an eyebrow. “You used one to wake me up at 2 in the morning to check your freakishly large closet for monsters!”

“I was 10!”

“13…” Tyria corrected, “You also used one to ride my shoulders so that we could fit within a suit of armor to see that sketchy play your parents said you weren’t allowed to see.”

“They never told me that it was about a dude seducing a women-only clan in order to gain guidance to an artifact!”

“And don’t forget that time you used one so that we could switch lives so that you could skip a fancy party you didn’t want to go to.”

Meliay paused, “Well I thought I looked pretty good dyeing my hair red…”

“How many did she have on you?” Dagalin asked Tyria.

Tyria sighed. “Too many…”

“That’s just because I’m the best.” Melaiay said with a hint of pride.

“Or that Tyria’s just shit at gambling.” Dagalin joked. Meliay and Tyria both burst out laughing. But Tyria then gasped soon after, clutching her crotch tightly.

“Tyria?!” Meliay asked.

“A little bit just came out.” Tyria said, curling her legs up to her chest. “I think I’m pretty close to losing it.”

“Oh no…” Meliay said sadly.

“But! I’m not gonna lose it before either of you! I’ll make sure of that.” Tyria said with a smirk.

“You still want to play this game?!” Meliay asked.

“And I use my friend coupon to make sure that you participate all the way till the end!” Dagalin shouted quickly.

“Ah come on!” Meliay complained with Dagalin giggling mischievously.

“Surely you don’t plan to break the sacred friend coupon rule?” Tyria asked.

“Of course not,” Meliay said determinedly, “You never did with me after all.”

“Then let’s make it a lot more interesting!” said Dagalin, “Whoever manages to hold the longest will get a friend coupon from the two losers!”

“Deal!” Tyria said immediately.

“The chance to be the owner of Dagalin’s first friend coupon? I’ll compete as well. I’ll hold, and I’ll hold it longer than either of you!” said Meliay.

“That’s the spirit!” Dagalin said excitedly, “Then this is how we’ll play!” In one swift motion, Dagalin threw her pants off, exposing the lower part of herself in its entirety. Her womanhood was leaking with a new viscous fluid.

“D-Dagalin!” Tyria said, blushing and looking through her fingers, “We’re outside!”

“And we were outside the last time we got a full view of each other.”

“But that was when we bathed, this is hardly the same!” said Meliay.

“Guys, it’s fine!” Dagalin assured them, “If anything, I’d suggest you two take your pants off as well. They are our only pairs, remember. And I’d hate to sleep in soaking wet clothes or half nude next to a guy.”

Tyria and Meliay hesitated. It’s hard to argue with her logic. “Should we?” Meliay asked.

“I’m gonna.” Tyria said, “It’s about time I stop soaking my clothes anyway.” Tyria stood up carefully and let her pants fall to her ankles, then kicked them up against the house. Her bare womanhood was just barely visible in the moonlight and her birthmark running down her left leg. Meliay had to use most of her will power to make sure she didn’t stare.

Meliay cleared her throat. “I would rather not ruin my clothes as well.” She slung her legs out of her pants as well.

“Heehee! This is gonna be good!” Dagalin said excitedly, “Now the way we’ll determine our winner is as such! Whoever spills even the slightest drop on the ground first will be the loser.”

“I thought we were going until we lose it completely?” asked Meliay, confused.

“We could. But the threshold between fully wetting or heavily leaking is hard to determine and up to interpretation. If we do it on just the first drop, all of us will be incentivised to hold everything we have as much as we can. Make sense?”

“You seemingly know more than I would.” said Meliay, “We’ll play your way.”

“Good! Now, let’s gather in a circle over the concrete. Keep an eye on each other and make sure no one goes to sneak a drop in the dirt. Ready? Set! Go!”

*001*2025-02-18 08:01

Chapter 9: Holding onto something precious

Time passed swiftly for the three girls. Stories were told, challenges were given, and sabotage was rampant. The three laughed amongst themselves until finally, one started to show signs of faltering.

“Oh god!” Dagalin said through her teeth. She bent over at almost a 90 degree angle at the hip with the palms of her hands being pressed into her crotch like a hydraulic press. “T-That was close.”

“Looking to lose first?” said Meliay tauntingly, “You were even the one who suggested we do this contest, yet you don’t have the strength to not fail first?” Meliay wasn’t in such a good spot either. Though she didn’t dance as much as Dagalin or Tyria, she could feel her pee snaking its way down her urethra.

“You take two more whiffs of Varnspydir powder and see if you’re still talking!” Dagalin said, slightly releasing the pressure on her crotch.

“How about you Tyria, how are you doing?” Meliay asked.

“I’m, hah! Real close!” she said. Her breath was chugging like a train and her legs smushed together like two mountains of silky mashed potatoes. Meliay could barely look away, especially with how much of a tease it was to just barely cover up her womanhood with a stretched piece of her shirt trying to hold her flood back.

“We’re in the final stretch now.” Dagalin said, “I wonder how I’ll use Tyria’s friend coupon? Maybe I’ll ride her shoulders for a day.”

“As long as we don’t try to fit in any armor, I’ll do it.” Tyria said. The group laughed for a moment. However, Meliay gave a quick yelp as her pee slipped through her defenses while she was distracted and now threatened to force its way past the tip of her pee hole. She tried to remain subtle, opting to reduce her expression to just a grimace and crossing her arms as tightly as she could while her legs folded over each other like stiff planks of wood. But Dagalin was too good at seeing the signs.

“Oh Meli, Meli.” Dagalin teased, “Don’t think that putting up less of a show means that I don’t see that you're close to losing it.”

“Please, I can go all night if I have to!” Meliay said confidently.

“Sure you can.” Dagalin then darted over to her, “But in the meantime, I hope you’ll let me cop a feel!” She ran her fingers over Meliay’s abdomen, gasping at how rock-solid it felt.

Meliay jolted back, her hands shooting to her crotch. “Hey! Hands off!”

“Ooooo, Meli’s probably topped up now! Ain’t nothing left but the elasticity of the bladder!” said Dagalin teasingly.

Tyria then bent over to catch her own feel of Dagalin’s bladder under her shirt. Dagalin jumped back with a yelp. Tyria was also forced to jump back as she accidentally smushed her own bladder against her legs, letting the tiniest of leaks slip out.

Dagalin had to grasp her crotch with all her strength, hopping from foot to foot with her teeth clenched like a frustrated little girl. Dagalin was so close to losing it that it felt like that only the water tension was the only thing keeping her from losing it. She twisted, bent, and clamped every piece of her body as much as she could, but a bit of pee snaked its way through and stained the hem of her shirt.

But Dagalin refused to give up! She willed every piece of her body to just hold on a little longer as if her life depended on it. Her hands were pressed so hard, it made her crotch numb from pain and her whole body shivered from the strain. With one last clench of her teeth, she managed to hold back the flood. But continuing on was an unbearable task. It felt like her pee was held back by nothing more than a string keeping her pee hole shut. Her bladder felt like a rock slipping around her guts. And she was becoming exhausted from all the strain she had to put her body through, so much so that it was starting to become a challenge to even stand.

“Tyria! What the heck!? You can’t startle me like that!” she said, dancing in a desperate rhythm.

“What? You can get a feel but we can’t?” asked Tyria.

“I would’ve let you! Just let me know beforehand so I could prepare myself! Now I’m barely hanging on!”

“What did it feel like anyway?” asked Meliay, her legs shuffling between her clamped hands.

“Like those weird marble spheres you have on top of those poles around your house! It was really that hard!” said Tyria. Meliay shared the slightest chuckle, careful not to let it distract her from holding.

“ANYWAY!” Dagalin interjected, wiping her fingers between her inner legs to ensure that her pee droplets don’t hit the ground, “No more sabotage! Looks like any surprise could set us off! I wanna go as long as I can without any interference and on my own strength. Deal?”

“Sure I guess.” said Meliay, “Looks like you’re only gonna make it another few minutes before you pop.”

“Heehee! I just like the theatrics! I can hold on without my hands if I wanted to.” Dagalin raised her head high and crossed her arms across her chest, dancing with only her twisted legs. She managed to keep that pose for about 3 seconds before she let out a yelp. Another leak burst out, soaking Dagalin’s shirt even more as she shoved more of it down to absorb it all.

Meliay rolled her eyes, “Uh-huh…”

The 3 competed for a little while longer, all of which were deteriorating by the minute. Tyria had to now devote 100% of her focus to holding. She had already passed her limit and then some! If she hadn’t pushed her crotch against her heel, she would’ve lost it a long time ago.

Meliay was in a similar boat. She couldn’t help but start pacing, going back and forth across the yard. Staying still was the enemy in her eyes. Keeping your muscles mobile will keep them from locking up from strain. Yet she could feel the vibration of every step reverberate through her bladder. Each one wore down her pee hole, like waves to a rock face.

Dagalin was the worst off. Her eyes haven’t been open for the past 15 minutes. Every ounce of effort was needed to make sure her last line of defense didn’t fall, and last time she checked, she didn’t need to see in order to do that. She had fallen to her knees and wriggled her body every which way, messaging her crotch with every part of her body to continuously reapply bursts of pressure, and breathed like she had just run a marathon. Whatever it would take, she would not be the one to pee first!

And then, someone gasped.

“Oh my god!” shouted Meliay, stopping in place. She knelt down, knees to her chest, trying to repel a huge wave threatening to void her bladder full force. “Come on come on!” she said to herself. The pressure built higher and higher like a kettle ready to pop.

Dagalin looked over excitedly, this last bit of hope giving her the strength to hold just a little longer. “Oh! Is Meli finally about to lose it?!”

“I’ll make it!” Meliay said. Second by second, her muscles eroded away. The wave refused to be tamed. Meliay tried ever harder, pressing her finger so hard against her pee hold that they almost went inside. Then in seemingly an instant, a jet of hot pee shot right into her fingers. Meliay gasped and stood straight up to keep it from hitting the ground and employed Dagalin's strategy of absorbing her pee into the hem of her shirt. The shock from the sudden loss of control finally had the wave subside, but Meliay was only able to hold it back to the final gates between her bladder and the outside world.

With a strained smile, Meliay looks at Dagalin. “How’s that for ‘losing it’?”

“Ugh! I was so sure- *gasp* Wait! Mmnh!” Dagalin went stiff. Everyone watched as everything went dead silent. But then, Dagalin looked like she was taking off in a 100 meter race. “No no no no no no no no no NO!” There was a loud unmistakable sound of a stream. Dagalin wriggled desperately like a dog, trying to get her stream under control. She desperately tried to shove more of her shirt down to her crotch, so much so that the fibers snapped and exposed much of her bare breasts, making them dance around like a pair of sprinting slimes.

“You must’ve for sure just lost!” said Meliay, waddling over to check around Dagalin’s dancing feet. But there wasn’t even a drop. “Huh?! I for sure just heard you burst!”

“You did, I’ll admit that.” Dagalin said with a strained voice. “But, e-even in my darkest hour, I’ll… NNNRRRHHH! LIVE ON!”

You’re so serious about this.” Meliay said, almost amazed at Dagalin’s commitment.

“Uh huh! Like I said, I’m… ah! Not… hah! Gonna lose… Mnph! Firrrrsst!” No matter how hard Dagalin pressed, her last line of defense fell. Her crotch exploded with pee as it gushed through her fingers. Dagalin tried using her shirt again, but there was no more shirt left. Her stream rushed out, then Dagalin slowed it to a trickle for half a second, then her stream somehow burst out even harder! The evidence of Dagalin’s loss was damning as a substantial puddle pooled under her, growing to the size of a platter plate in mere seconds.

“Ooooh man,” Dagalin let go and let go fully. She sat against the wall with her back arched upwards as her stream generated lift, creating a huge river of steaming and foaming pee cascading towards the garden dirt below. “It's over...” she said with a deep sigh. She then looked over to Tyria and Meliay, smiling in relief.

The effect seemed to hit them both at the same time. The sight of it all, the sound it made, the look of bliss in Dagalin's eyes. Tyria and Meliay’s bladders contracted as if telling the brain directly that what they were doing was stupid and it took over completely.

Tyria was a bit late to realize until it was too late. She stood up with a gasp and grasped her crotch right as a sizable leak escaped her pee hole. Her fingers were splashed with pee. Luckily however, there was just not enough for it to pour around her cupped hands.

“Oh god!” Tyria said, “Dagalin! Stop peeing! You’re making it worse!”

“But it feels SOOO GOOOD!” Dagalin said with a heavy breath. She put her hands on her crotch in an effort to stop the stream to tease the other two. It flowed unimpeded, gushing through her fingers as if it were a garden hose.

This time was Meliay’s turn. A leak shot out without any warning. Meliay gasped and checked the ground. Not a drop. Her shirt had caught it.

“Dagalin! Just how much is in there!?” said Meliay.

“About halfway done.” said Dagalin, “Just a few more seconds.” That was an understatement. Tyria and Meliay endured the auditory assault as best they could, but their bladders were failing fast. It went on for another 5 seconds, then 10, then 20, then 40?!

Meliay felt something she never had before. It felt like her bladder was pulsating and contracting like someone using psychokinesis to squish her bladder like a water balloon.

“God Dagalin!” Meliay said, her stance stiffening. “Turn that thing off!” Dagalin only smiled seductively in response.

“I-I don’t think I can make it much longer!” Tyria said, both of her fists balled into her crotch. “It’s…Ahh! It’s coming! I-I don’t think I can- Ah! Noooo!” Pee shot out at incredible speed, splattering against the ground like torrential rain. Her muscles then released fully, nearly doubling the pressure of her stream. Tyria gave a squeal of desperation before then sighing in relief. Letting go gave her a feeling of ecstasy that she never felt before. Her bladder's soreness soothed as the pee poured out of her. Almost like how all the soreness of her muscles washed away when she visited a bathhouse and dipped into the warm water. All the while, her pee cascaded along the porch and joined the remnants of Dagalin’s own river.

“You’re right Dagalin, this feels… so good,” Tyria said, her vision going black seemingly from the relief. She then fell to her knees.

“Tyria!” Meliay shouted, catching Tyria in her arms. But with no hands to support her, Meliay lost control of her bladder almost immediately. She didn’t care. She lowered herself and Tyria to the ground, both of their streams going full blast. It didn’t matter anyway, she had won. The sound of their streams rang in their ears as it pooled up all around them.

Tyria then hugged Meliay tightly. “W-What is this feeling? I’ve… never felt this good before.”

“Tyria! W-What are you saying?! That's the curse! You’re being delusional!”

“Letting go. Do you feel it? It’s like-” Tyria’s stream petered out to just a few droplets before stopping. Instantly, Tyria’s eyes rolled to the back of her head and her body went limp.

“Tyria?” Meliay asked. She received no answer. Watching her friend die never got any easier. She could feel the immense grief weigh her body down. But she decided to focus on what Tyria said last. How letting go felt. Surely it was just the curse messing with her mind, right? Meliay closed her eyes and felt it. The feeling of emptying her bladder without a care in the world. All the fighting, holding, and desperation, poured out of her in a stream. It did feel relieving, liberating even. But she still couldn’t understand what Tyria meant exactly.

Meliay opened her eyes. She saw Tyria’s head in her arms, her eyes closed peacefully. As Meliay’s stream came to a stop, she couldn’t help but hover her mouth above Tyria’s.

“Do it! She won’t remember!” said one side of her consciousness.

“No, don't! How creepy would she think that was?!” said the other.

Their streams fell silent. The porch could be mistaken for a hot tub with how much steam was pouring into the air. And Meliay came to a conclusion.

This curse, this journey, was going to force a lot of feelings out of all of them that they were too scared or prideful to express. Lance and Tyria being the biggest examples. But Meliay’s was the same as Lance. So if she was going to have any chance of her feelings being reciprocated, she would have to be the one to tell them first. No more fear, no more pride, no more confusion. She loved Tyria, and she wanted to make sure that she would be first to claim her.

Meliay went for it, closing her eyes as her lips drifted to Tyria’s…

Tyria then gasped for air, making Meliay back off in a panic. Tyria coughed as she tried to get her breath back.

“God! That part still sucks!” Tyria said, “How long was I out?”

“About 50 seconds.” said Dagalin, staring at Meliay with a mischievous smile, knowing exactly what was going through her mind in that time.

Meliay cleared her throat dismissively. “Anyway, are you okay, Tyria?”

“More than okay, actually.” Tyria said, “That voice in my head. Their hint this time was. ‘No matter the hardship, no matter the appearances, those who mean most to you, will always be by your side’.”

Meliay smiled. “Well duh! I’d never betray you!”

“Count me in on there too!” Dagalin said.

“Of course!” Tyria said, embracing Meliay warmly. Meliay thought her heart was going to explode.

“Now, I need to address the other thing I’ve been holding onto. And quite frankly, I just can’t take it anymore!” Dagalin slid a hand down to her crotch and began to caress it rhythmically while another hand snaked it way up her shirt and fondled her breast.

Both Tyria and Meliay blushed profusely. “Dagalin! Really?! Right in front of us?!” Tyria said.

“This is supremely uncouth!” added Meliay.

“But I’ve been so pent up these last couple days. My mind can’t take it, I was gonna go crazy! I really, really need something to take the edge off!”

“Couldn’t you do that in the bathroom!? Preferably somewhere we wouldn’t find out!?” asked Meliay.

Dagalin took a deep breath and bit her lip. “Don’t be like that, Meli!” She then put a finger under her lip seductively, “Me thinks that this is something you’d enjoy.”

Meliay blushed even harder and grabbed her and Tyria’s pants. “I would never, you horndog! C’mon Tyria, let’s get out of here!”

Tyria however was staring. She hid her blushing face behind her hands and watched as Dagalin pleasured herself with her pee steaming all around her. Her fingers caressed her slick womanhood so forcefully, yet so eagerly as well. A slap on the shoulder shook Tyria out of this trance

“Ahem! Gladly!” The both of them went back inside the house to resume their sleep.

“Suit yourselves.” Dagalin said to herself. It didn’t take long for her to get to the brink of climax. She felt a rush through her body as ecstasy filled her head and flooded her crotch with heat. Her fingers went in and out, coating them in a viscous liquid. Her breathing only got faster and faster. Then suddenly, she grit her teeth to and shut her eyes tightly as her body with an orgasm so intense that her entire body created an arch above the ground. Her pulsating body even shoved out another stream of pee she didn’t even know she had.

She sat there as her body was wracked with pleasure before it finally died down. She smiled in relief as she let herself calm down, drenched in all sorts of liquids from her body.

###

The next day was… eventful… to say the least.

Tyria was woken up by the sound of Meliay hurriedly going back and forth in the house. At first, Tyria was startled when she noticed that her hand was tightly clasped with Lance’s. Though leaving a tender and warm feeling in her heart, she just couldn’t handle the infatuation and begrudgingly released it.

Then second, her other hand felt wet. She looked to see that there was a wet spot on the bed, no bigger than an 8 inch plate.

Meliay came back and gasped. “Tyria!” she said in a concerned whisper, “You’re up.”

Tyria gave her a smug smirk, “You wet the bed, didn’t you Meliay?”

“I-It’s not what you think!”

Tyria laughed. “It’s okay! It happened to me, remember? Let’s get you a health potion, yeah?”

“T-Thanks for understanding.” Meliay said with a sigh.

But adding another person to the frantic cleanup only created more noise. Lance groggily stirred and sat up, reaching his hands over his head with a big yawn. “Mornin’ guys. You seem to be pretty busy already. We got anything planned for today?”

“J-Just uh… cleaning up.” Tyria stammered, Meliay sighed in disappointment. “Place is in real shambles. I’d like to make the place more hospitable, you know.”

Lance raised an eyebrow. “Tyria. I’ve known you for practically half my life. You really think I’m gonna buy that you’re cleaning?”

”Yeessss…?” Tyria said nervously.

”Tyria, Tyria, Tyria. Everyone knows that you don’t clean worth a damn.” Lance said, spinning an accusatory circle with his finger in the air at Tyria.

“Whaaaat? Why would you think-?”

“Tyria, that was such a stupid lie!” Meliay groaned, “Even I know you never clean! I’m kept up at night sometimes from the noise the butlers make from cleaning up your mess.”

”Hey! You never said I make messes!”

”It goes hand in hand, Tyria! You can’t not clean up messes without making them first!” Lance snickered and rubbed his nose.

“Ain’t that a whole metaphor for this whole journey.” Dagalin moaned, rolling in her bed.

“You’re finally awake.” Meliay said, unamused.

Dagalin squeezed her eyes and curled up into a ball under her blankets. “Yep Wish I wasn’t though.”

”I bet I can guess…” Meliay said, backing away as if she were in the splash zone.

”Mmnn!” Dagalin whined, “God, is this how it feels?!”

”How what feels?” Lance asked.

Tyria shoved him towards the door. “Yeah, let’s just… have you check out for a moment.”

”At least we caught it before it happened to you also.” said Meliay.

”Me also?” Dagalin asked. Meliay slapped her forehead, realizing her mistake. “No way! It happened to you too!?”

”Neither of us have sat on a toilet for the past 3 days! Much less relieved ourselves at any proper capacity.”

”Ah ha ha! Meliay being a lil pee pee girl! She still pees her bed and stuff!”

”You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” Meliay said with her arms crossed.

”In more ways than one,” Dagalin said.

Meliay waved her off. “I just… I just can’t with you right now. Piss yourself for all I care.”

”I might in a minute! Oh god!” Dagalin crossed her legs and bent her butt upward, creating a mountain with her sheets. She used a huge amount of effort to stem her flow, which wasn’t even that bad to begin with, but her muscles were exhausted and could barely even close.

”I can’t hold it! My pee hole just won’t close!” Dagalin squealed, feeling her pee slip its way past her defenses.

Tyria then came in and threw a bucket down on the floor. “I found Lance’s bucket. Use this!”

“Tyria, you’re a lifesaver!” Dagalin immediately kicked off her blanket, felt a jet of pee squeeze out of her pee hole like a juicer, desperately threw her sweat pants down to her ankles, and poured everything she had into the bucket. She sighed in relief as her stream created a metallic ringing sound against the tin bucket walls. Hearing even the slightest sound made Tyria’s need flare up. It wasn’t anywhere near bad, but still being reminded that you can’t have your morning pee annoyed her to no end.

Finally, the stream stopped after only about 20 seconds. The bucket had been filled nearly a 1/5th of the way up.

“I’d really have to have my cloak back.” Dagalin said with a sigh, “Some free health potions would be really cool right about now.”

Meliay looked around. “Guys, where’s Faminelli?” The whole group came to the realization that Faminelli was missing. They checked the closet, the kitchen, even the defunct bathroom, she was nowhere to be found inside the house. That was until Dagalin opened the curtains to the backyard.

”Hey guys!” Dagalin shouted, “Elli is out back! And she… has all our stuff I think? It all looks different…?”

The three shuffled around to the backyard. Lance, who’d been waiting outside confused, followed as well. What they found was that the entire backyard had transformed from an overgrown green mess to a solid, pop-up blacksmiths shop. The fence was lined with various tools, stations, and tables were neatly organized across the grass, and a mini crucible gave off a small area of radiant heat. And Faminelli, dressed in her regular bandage wraps and jean shorts again, was meticulously working on something on one of the tables.

“Looks like someone's been busy…” Dagalin said, somewhat impressed.

Faminelli jumped. “Ah! Guys! Don’t sneak up on me like that!” she said, trying to hide something behind her back. Everyone leaned to the side, trying to peer behind her.

“Elli? What are you hiding?” Dagalin asked with a cheeky smile, “Did you get taken over by an artist's motivation?”

“U-Um, I guess you could say that. Wait! BUT I’M NOT HIDING ANYTHING!”

Dagalin chuckled, “Elli, Elli Elli Elli.” She walked up and put her hand on Faminelli’s shoulder. “You’re such a good person. And it feels like whenever you’re around, the world gets a little brighter. I Believe you’d never hide anything for the wrong reasons”

Faminelli nervously clasped her hands near her chest. “Oh, t-thanks Linda. That means a lot.”

“I just wish I could be more like you,” Dagalin said a little more sincerely, “Because in reality, I’m quite a menace. I’m dirty, filthy, and rotten.”

Faminelli gave a remorseful look “Linda…” But before she could say anything else, Dagalin leaned in and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. Faminelli gasped loudly, her whole body went stiff, her face was beet red, and her heart raced to 100 miles an hour.

“Here, catch Meli!” Dagalin swung Faminelli into Meliay’s arms and looked over the things she was working on over the desk. “Let’s see what we got here!” she said, rubbing her hands together. Though, after just a moment of inspection, her mischievous smile disappeared. Dagalin turned around, clutching her cloak tightly in her hands. The rough edges were made straight, crystal bead threads hung from the corners, and there was a new golden fur lining the hood,

Faminelli leapt out of Meliay’s arms. “Linda! Uh, I-I just… I wanted to show my thanks to everyone and-” Dagalin walked closer.

“I know I should’ve asked you guys first! But it didn’t occur to me until I was already so far in I-” Dagalin walked closer still.

“IFYOUWANTICANCHANGEITBACK! IMAYHAVEGONEALITTLEOVERBOARDSO

MAYBE-!”

“I love it,” Dagalin said simply. Faminelli was stunned into silence. Dagalin gave her a hug. “No one’s ever done something like that for me, so, thanks Elli.”

“Y-You’re welcome, Linda.” Faminelli said, hugging her back.

Dagalin quickly pulled away and rubbed her nose. “I’m not good with all this sappy stuff so, Meli! Check out what she did to yours!” She tossed over Meliay’s battle dress. It was now sewn with gold accents and had colorful crystal buttons along the cuffs. And along the skirt was an embroidered golden flower.

“Whoa, this feels… a lot different,” Meliay said, rubbing her fingers. “In a good way of course.”

“Yeah! I had to keep in mind your style of fighting as a staff user!” Faminelli said, presenting her thoughts with various hand motions, “I noticed you didn’t have any magic conductors in your clothes. If anything, the dye was inhibiting your magic somewhat! So as a compromise, I threaded strings of this deep sea fish’s fins that use magic to create lights to draw in prey! This was able to improve your conduction of magic while keeping the color of your original dress!”

“So my battle dress is part fish now?” asked Meliay.

“Uh… does that happen to upset you?” Faminelli asked nervously.

“Hmm,” Meliay took out her staff and pointed it towards the outside of the yard, “Spitha!” In an instant, a giant column of flame poured out of the tip of her spear so large that it obscured all of Meliay’s vision and made itself fly out of her hand, clattering against the side of the house.

“Whoa! That was huge!” Dagalin said.

“Just a change of clothes was able to do something like that?” Tyria asked. Lance cleared his throat softly. She realized she had instinctively grabbed him by the arm after being startled. She quickly let go with a slight blush.

“Oh hell yeah, I like that very much.” Meliay said with a smile.

“I also managed to get in touch with a blacksmith friend of mine to fix your staff spear thingy.” said Faminelli, “Well… more like my mom's friend who owed her a favor. I hope she doesn’t mind that I used it.”

“Meliay look!” Tyria said, pointing at Meliay’s clothes. They were now illuminated with ribbons of orange light, creating intricate patterns all across the dress.

“That’s because the thread illuminates when it reacts with magic,” said Faminelli, eager to switch subjects. “I didn’t want to put them evenly around your dress ‘cause they'd look boring, so I took some creative liberties.”

“Cool! Thanks Elli, this should help tons.” Meliay said, picking up her staff. The head of which was glowing red hot.

“Me next! Me next! Me next! Me next! Me next!” Tyria said excitedly. Her clothes remained the same, but the armor that she wore over it was almost indistinguishable. It was sleek and fitted over her body almost a little too well, with the new plates accentuating her figure for everyone to see. Meliay definitely caught herself darting her eyes to the subtle curves of Tyria’s breasts. How did Faminelli even know her measurements? Regardless, the layered plates came with a new set of cream-colored shoulder guards, and a strange set of massively fortified gauntlets and boots.

“What are these for?” Tyria asked, gesturing to the gauntlets and boots.

“Well… protection of course. You seem like you like to pack light in terms of armor. But I also couldn’t ignore another aspect about you. So… I built some new pieces so that you can take advantage of it when you can.”

“Another aspect of me?”

“You know… your demon side.” Faminelli said with a whisper. The group went silent and the air grew tense. Faminelli continued on without sensing the change of mood in the air. “Now, I don’t know anything about demon kind, but I’ve been thinking that maybe crystal-layered knuckles and soles could absorb your energy to create super-powered blows and-!

“Um… thanks Elli.” Tyria said as friendly as she could, “But I don’t think I’ll be using these. I uh… don’t particularly like that other aspect of me.” She put the gauntlets and boots down gently on the table.

“Oh… okay. U-Understandable, I didn’t think well enough about that one.” Faminelli said, discouraged.

“Uh… is there anything for me?” Lance quickly said to break up the awkwardness.

“Oh! Uh… yes!” Faminelli shuffled through her table and pulled out Lance's clothes. “To be honest, I didn’t really know you that well or how you fought. So all I did was some general things. It's a bit stronger, a bit lighter-”

Lance's eyes widened. “Wait! Did you fix that one thing?!”

“What one thing?” Faminelli asked confused

Lance hastily fitted on his armor and jumped around a bit. A huge grin grew on his face. “Oh thank god! It’s actually gone! There was a little nick in my armor and it made the skin under my left rib suuuuper itchy. Thank you, Elli! You’re a lifesaver!”

“Oh! G-Glad I could help!” Faminelli said, blushing slightly.

Dagalin raised an eyebrow. “I just realized something. Did you two ever collect the payment from that one quest you did yesterday?” she asked, pointing to Tyria and Meliay.

Meliay sighed. “No, we didn’t. We should go check up on her. I hope she doesn’t think we bailed on her…”

“I’ll go with.” Tyria offered “Everyone else, can you all either find a new quest or a sailor who’ll take us to Mushroom Falls at a fair price?”

“Aye Aye Cap’n!” Dagalin said with a sloppy salute. She took off with a skip in her step and her clothes tightly against her chest. As everyone started to move, Faminelli tugged on Meliay’s shirt.

“Meliay? Could I ask you something?” she asked sheepishly.

“Shoot.” Meliay said.

“Dagalin. I… have a hard time trying to understand her. That little description she gave of us when she was trying to sneak by me felt so genuine. Even if it was all a lie in the end, I still have a hard time believing it was. Do you… think I’m just too soft?”

Meliay smiled. “Of course not. It just means she's a good liar.” Faminelli gave her a confused look. “I’ve seen the best and worst of enough people to tell. You see, being a good liar means you only lie as much as you have to. Everything else you sprinkle with truth. Like your experiences or perhaps… one’s own thoughts of themselves.”

“Then, do you think…?” Faminelli asked, clutching her hand near her chest nervously.

“No one can say for sure other than her. I’ll just say that was my best guess.” Meliay said. Faminelli hung her head in thought. But before she could dwell for too long, Meliay grasped her shoulder. “Try not to think about it too much today, okay? You’ll have all day with her if you wanna talk about it. So let’s go, Elli.” she said sincerely.

“Y-Yes! Of course!” Elli said, with a smile.

