Locked down (A Fire Emblem: Three Houses Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-25 15:08

A/N: A commission in which everyone in the Byleth's Black Eagles class wet themselves during a lockdown.

The reason for the lock down is still overall unknown, but the fact of the matter is, this academy takes such things very seriously, with magic barriers put in place to protect students and keep them from leaving their classrooms. This is a good thing, Byleth knows, but it could not have come at a worse time, and she can’t guarantee that, if the barrier were not in place, she would not have tried to sneak out in the middle of this lock down.

“And leave your students behind? If there weren’t a barrier, you would have to protect them,” Sothis reminds her, which is true, but she can at least dream.

“Still,” Sothis goes on to say, “I really can’t blame you for that. I wish we had had better timing on all this, seriously.” Complaining about it is not going to solve the problem for either of them, and Byleth really wishes that the girl who seems to exist only for her would cut it out, and let her take her mind off of it. It is not as if Sothis really has to go, only reacting to what Byleth feels, but speaking excessively about it only makes it worse for Byleth.

Normally, she is very careful about this sort of thing. Normally, she does not allow herself to get this desperate at all, because she takes whatever chance that she has to go to the bathroom. With her old line of work, she knew that it was always prudent to go whenever a chance was presented, because she never knew when she would not have a chance again. Today has just been a very busy day for her, and that made things difficult for her. Before she knew it, she was due in her class, and has spent this entire lecture trying to ignore the growing pressure in her bladder.

Now, however, she is not able to go relieve herself like she thought she would be able to, and and that really isn’t great, because her need has only gotten worse. She just needs to keep calm like she always does, and make sure that she looks after her students. Of course, her natural calm has started to fade more and more, the more time she spends with said students, so she has to try and keep herself steady while she ignores the throb of her bladder.

“I’m sure this will be dealt with swiftly,” she says, glad that her voice at least sounds as steady as it ever does. “Until then, we’ll just stay right where we are, and wait for further instruction.”

“Would it not be preferable for us to lend a hand?” Ferdinand speaks up. “Whatever the threat may be, I am sure we could assist, as could the other classes.”

“Unfortunately, that isn’t an option. I’m sure they don’t want to send their students out into whatever conflict may be out there. For all we know, it isn’t even a visible threat, or perhaps they just need to investigate and make sure things are safe,” she says, recalling the reasons for lock downs that were given to her when she first accepted this position.

“Still, I think I could-”

“You’re welcome to try your hand at bringing down that barrier, but I doubt you’ll be successful,” Hubert speaks up, interrupting the other boy. “Still, I admit it’s frustrating, not knowing what’s going or how we might have been able to assist. But as long as I’m able to confirm Lady Edelgard’s safety, then I’ll gladly stay put.”

“I’ll be just fine,” the aforementioned Edelgard speaks up. “I’m a little surprised that security seems to be this flimsy, though. Whatever may be going on, the fact that it has gotten to the point that they have to protect us like this can’t be a good sign.”

“Maybe it’s just a false alarm?” Bernadetta tries, in a quiet voice. She cowers at her desk, looking as if she is considering diving under it.

“I am sure they have it under control,” Flayn says, in an attempt to soothe her.

“Well, it’s true that they’d have security measures in place so that they could handle anything. Still, just being stuck here, not knowing anything…” Dorothea trails off.

“It’s a complete waste of time. I had so much I needed to do after class,” Lysithea finishes for her, scowling.

“I don’t really mind one way or another,” Linhardt replies, shrugging. “I can nap here just as well as I can anywhere.”

“I’m with Ferdinand on letting us out of here!” Caspar speaks up. “If they let us try and handle it, we could take them down in no time!”

“But who is them?” Petra asks. “They have not been telling us much of anything.”

“Alright, how about we all settle down?” Byleth tries, wanting to get control over them before they get too rowdy. They have a tendency to get carried away if she lets them, and right now she needs to pay close attention to everything that could potentially happen. That, and she is still rather concerned about her need to pee, and it is already bad enough having to deal with Sothis.

What she does not realize is that her students are restless not just because of the uncertainty of the lock down, but because they were all feeling that same need, to different degrees. Each of them had been looking forward to getting out of class so that they could relieve themselves, just the same as her. Now that they are stuck here for an unknown amount of time, it becomes a lot harder to simply say that everything is going to be fine. Each of them has their own problem to worry about now, so each of them will do anything to take their minds off of it.

Once the room descends into silence, it is that much harder to forget the need that is growing for each of them, each minute of silence feeling like an hour. For some, it is a lot harder to deal with than others, and some were already waiting pretty desperately for the end of class, only to end up in this situation, where they have no idea when it is going to end, or if they can make it for long.

For instance, Caspar was nearly late and did not stop to go to the bathroom beforehand, just hoping that he would be able to hold it throughout class, but more than willing to beg Byleth for a break if it came to that. Now, however, he knows he can’t beg her for anything, and he is stuck in the classroom for an entirely different reason, stuck here with no way to relieve himself, as the pressure grows so great that he can’t sit still.

Lysithea is not doing much better than him, not that she would ever admit to that. The tea she had just before class has hit her hard, and made it difficult for her to focus when she needed to. The last thing she wants is for that to become something that she can’t handle, all so that people will have another excuse to treat her like a little kid, but from where she is sitting, it does not look like she is going to have much choice one way or another. It is all going to come down to luck and endurance, and she has to pray that she has enough of both.

Class had been nearly over, and Dorothea had just caught herself thinking about how she needed to go before she did anything else when the lock down began. Now, she tries to keep her cool despite the pressure in her bladder, one that she did not notice before, but one that she is definitely aware of now, more so because she does not know when she is going to be able to ease that up, and does not know what she is going to do if things get so much worse that there is nothing she can do about it. She just does what she can to not think about it, not that she can keep that bit up forever.

Linhardt had been woken up from one of his little class naps by a nagging in his bladder, and had not been able to fall back asleep as a result. Now, he wants to try and nap until all of this is over, but he is not sure if he is actually going to be able to pull that off, or if he wants to chance it. After all, his need to pee is getting pretty bad, and he does not want to risk what might happen if he sleeps too soundly. The best thing he can do right now is try and remain awake, and hope that this is over as quickly as possible, so he can empty his bladder and head for bed, to sleep off all of this stress.

Bernadetta bites her lip and looks down at her desk, wishing she were anywhere but here today. She really wishes that she had just skipped class today, but she is not sure if that would have actually been better. At least in here, she knows she is protected, along with everyone else, and if a lock down had occurred when she was in her room, she would have still had to stay right there. She might have gone to relieve herself sooner, when she felt the urge come on, but there is no way to know for sure, no way to know what could have been. After all, she had no idea that she was going to suddenly feel like she had to pee at the worst possible moment. Maybe she would not have even realized she needed to pee sooner, had she stayed in her room.

Ferdinand does what he can to keep his composure, and tries not to let it show that it stings that the professor did not agree that they should go and fight. He is sure that he would be able to contribute quite a bit…or at least, he would be at full strength, which he is not sure that he is right now. Whether on the battlefield or in class, he does what he can to ignore his needs when they are an inconvenience, but he can’t change the fact that he does really need to go now, and it is only getting worse now that he knows that he will not be able to go any time soon.

Flayn is another case of having been desperate for quite a while now, and she shifts in her seat, wondering just how long she will be able to keep this up before someone catches on. After being so happy to be allowed to attend classes, she would rather not have any embarrassing incidents that would make her look bad in front of her new classmates, but what can she do about that? She is stuck right where she is, in an impossible situation, and she knows that it does her no good to sit around, worrying about it and making herself feel even worse about it.

Petra has never been all that good at these situations. Back home, she spent so much time out and exploring, and they were much less concerned about finding somewhere to relieve themselves. She could just go wherever she wanted if she were out hunting or exploring, and there was not nearly as much shame about it. Here, she had to be trained to be ashamed of her bodily functions, and even now, she still struggles to hold it for long periods of time, when she is used to just relieving herself whenever the need hits her. Being stuck in a lock down, having what few choices she does have removed from her, makes her feel rather frantic, urge soon growing as a result.

As for Hubert, he has never been the sort to let his own needs show. Stoic and detached, and entirely dedicated to the young woman that he serves, his own needs are secondary. He can hide jut about anything, and has had to hold it for long periods of time before. A lock down like this should not be any sort of problem for him, when he knows that he would be able to hold it for a long time, but today has been a busy day. At every turn, he has been at Edelgard’s side, and so, he has never seen a proper chance to relieve himself. As a result, he was already very full, nearing the point where he would typically start to worry.

Edelgard herself is not doing much better, but hiding it just as well as he is. Hubert only had a busy day because she did, and that means that she has hidden her need from him the same way that he has hidden his need from her. Sitting in class, prim and composed, all she could think about was how badly she had to pee, and how much she wanted to be able to get out of her. Even though she is still every bit as prim and composed, not wanting to worry her friends or give certain other people any ammunition to use against her, she is worried about how far she has pushed her bladder so far, and if she can really last.

“I didn’t even know this could happen,” Sothis whines, a voice that only Byleth can hear. “You never push yourself like this, so I’ve never felt it, but…it’s unfair! Why should I have to pee just because you do? How does that even make sense?”

Byleth wants so badly to tell her to be quiet, that she is not making it any easier, but she can’t really say anything right now. Still, she is not sure how long she can keep up her stoic appearance when Sothis is distracting her from holding it, and when her bladder is absolutely killing her. It is true that she has never given Sothis the chance to feel it when she got this desperate, but that is because she is not used to feeling like this.

She has her class to worry about and look out for. She really does not need anything else distracting her, let alone her own bladder, or the girl who apparently just lives inside her head right now, whatever that says about her. Pressing her thighs together, she hopes that she can alleviate some of this pressure, but Sothis is already making a much bigger deal about it, squirming and dancing in the corner of Byleth’s vision, acting like a frantic child who is about to lose control at any moment. Byleth knows that she is not actually that bad off, but it does not comfort her in the slightest to see Sothis acting like that.

But what can she do to distract herself? It is not as if she can do any teaching when everyone else is going to be stressed and distracted by the lock down, and honestly, she is getting to the point that she might not be able to focus on her lesson, even if she did try to teach to take her mind off of things. It is entirely possible that the frequent protests from her bladder would be more than enough to throw her off, so it would not serve as a very good distraction at all.

While she is stuck, she begins to notice that she is not at all the only one in this situation. Normally, she would not notice such things from her students, not used to paying attention to that sort of thing, but since she is so attuned to her own needs now, she can see the way some are fidgeting at their desks, some a bit more lively than others, while even those who are able to stay still do not exactly look comfortable in the current situation, and it seems to be a bit more than just nerves about the fact that they are trapped in this unknown situation.

In particular, Flayn seems to be getting more agitated by the moment. Though it is clear that she is trying to hide it, it is also clear that she is struggling to do so, that she is struggling a lot more than her other classmates. Finally, after a few tense moments, she raises her hand.

“We’re not in formal class time,” Byleth says, “so you can just speak freely.”

“Um, alright,” Flayn replies. “I was just…I wanted to know if you had any way of knowing when we would be able to…to…” The hand that was in the air is now beneath her desk, not doubt jammed into her lap, doing what she can to keep this under control.

“I’m sorry, but I really don’t know. It could be a few minutes, or we could be here all evening,” Byleth replies. She hopes it is not the latter, but as soon as she says that, she hears groaning, and not from the girl who asked the question. However, Flayn looks as if she might cry, scrunching up more and more, fighting against her obvious need.

It only takes a few more minutes for her to completely lose control, showing that she really had no chance of lasting. Byleth notices that the other students, once they figure out what the source of the trickling noise is, do not look at her, doing what they can to give her the privacy that she needs. Her face is bright red, clearly humiliated, but she does not do or say anything about her obvious accident. The relief is great, and she knows that there was nothing she could do, and therefore no point in dwelling on it or letting herself get too upset about things.

She is far from the only one to lose control, though. Caspar has not been able to stop bouncing his leg for a while now, biting his lip and continuing to look at the door, as if he expects it to swing open and grant him freedom any moment now. Instead, the situation just remains exactly as it is, while the situation in his bladder continues to get worse and worse.

There is no one who would not be able to immediately tell what is wrong just by looking at him. He is visibly anxious and can’t sit still, shaking and bouncing and doing all that he can to just try and make it a little bit more bearable. However, there is only so much that he can do before it all becomes too much for him. The groan that he lets out is enough to bring attention to his problem, before he is fully wetting himself, and trying so hard not to let it get to him.

At least he is not the only one to be wet right now, and he does hope that it makes Flayn feel better in some way, but that is still not exactly the sort of thing he wants to have to deal with. Who knows how long it will be before he is able to clean himself up? And all the while, he just has to sit here in his wet clothes, in the puddle that has formed in his seat, feeling it go cold.

“Things are getting really bad,” Sothis whines, squirming back and forth. “Even the kids are starting to lose it. Who knows how many more of them are going to end up wet? And if I keep having to watch them like that, I don’t know if I’m going to be able to hold it!”

You’ll be able to hold it as long as I’m able to, Byleth thinks, and Sothis scowls.

“Well, what if you can’t hold it? What are we supposed to do then? Do you really want to look that pathetic in front of your students?” Sothis demands.

Of course she doesn’t want to, but if it comes down to it, it is not as if there is anything she can do about it. Seeing it happen to Flayn and Caspar, she knows that it is entirely possible in a situation like this. Byleth has never had to hold it when she had no idea when she would be able to go, at least not when it was already this bad. She has always been so careful about it, so why is it that now, she can barely stand the wait? And what is she going to do if she really does…?

All she can do is push that thought out of her mind, and focus instead on…well, she doesn’t have anything else to focus on, other than doing what she can to hold it while also trying not to show any signs of her desperation to her students. Though the first two have fallen, they are also not going to be the last, as it becomes clear that this lock down is not going to end any time soon, while the desperation becomes more frantic.

Everyone at least has the good sense not to say anything to the students that have already fallen, each one seeming to understand that that could be them, at any moment. As long as this continues, no one can be sure when they are going to lose it, when they are going to be the next one to soak themselves, to form a puddle under their own desk.

Bernadetta does not have a lot of faith in herself right now, though. She has tried and tried to keep things subtle, but she just can’t hold still anymore, and prays that everyone is not secretly looking at her and mocking her right now. But she is far from the only one getting to that point, as even Linhardt can’t keep pretending to be sleepy, on the verge of dozing off. He is alert right now, squirming in his seat. Lysithea stops herself every time she reaches under her desk to hold herself, but it is never long before that reflex takes hold of her again, and then she just can’t help doing it.

Finally, she has to give up on trying to hide it, but she is at least not alone in that. Dorothea is just holding herself by now, because as long as everyone else is showing signs, she might as well do what she can to keep herself under control. Petra is still keeping as much of her composure as possible, but every now and then, a strained look crosses her face, and then she is shifting again, struggling to go back to being still. Ferdinand fidgets with quick and jerky movements, as if he thinks he can disguise the need just by moving fast enough.

Of the class, Edelgard and Hubert have the best composure, with only Byleth really able to tell that something is troubling either of them. Edelgard has to do what she can to be a good example for her classmates, to not show any weakness in front of them, and of course, if she is not showing any weakness, then there is no way that Hubert can either. His top concern is always going to be her, so he has no time to worry about himself.

That being said, when he first starts to notice that she is not doing well, he is immediately worried for her, wishing there were some way that he could get her out of here without embarrassing her or getting in trouble with the academy for finding a way to break through a magical barrier during a lock down. Of course, there is nothing that he can actually do, so he just finds himself worrying for the both of them, which only makes things more difficult for him to handle.

It is neither of them that ends up losing control next, though. Instead, it is one of their other classmates, the one who had been the most worried about losing it. After fighting for so long, Bernadetta lets out a little whimper as she finally gives into her bursting bladder. She moves her hand just in time to avoid getting it wet, but she can’t hold back the flood that escapes her overtaxed bladder. This might be the longest that she has ever had to hold it, which is saying something.

Her anxiety has left her in a lot of situations where she has had to wait a long time before she felt like she could go, but this time was just too much. The last thing that she wanted to do was lose control in front of her class, but there was nothing that she could do, not when it got that bad. Her desperation had grown beyond anything that she could ever hope to control, and she was, at least, not the first one.

She could also tell that others were desperate as well. It has become obvious that most of, if not all of, her class has to pee, not counting the ones who have already lost control. That makes her feel a little bit better about her situation as she sighs, sagging down in her seat and letting herself relax. It does feel good to finally be able to pee after all this time, that she can at least admit. She knows that it will not feel good for long, once her clothes start to get cold, and her bladder is still sore, and there is still an unknown threat keeping her trapped in the classroom, but still. Bernadetta has been trying to look at the positive side of things whenever she can, even if that is often easier said than done.

There is no one who does not notice her loss of control, but of course, no one says anything about it. No one is going to comment on any of these situations, because those who have wet know better than to bring it up, whereas those who are still holding it want to be extended the same courtesy, should they not be able to make it. A lot of them have accepted that that is more than likely going to happen, and are only holding out on the slight chance that things clear up soon, and they are allowed to leave the classroom to run for a bathroom, or any level of privacy to empty their bladders.

Byleth is not so sure about any of this anymore. She is doing her best, but she knows that her need is getting far beyond what she knows how to handle. Mainly, she knows this because Sothis is still squirming and making a big deal out of everything, whining about her own desperation, as if she thinks this is going to help things out at all.

“Everyone is seriously dropping like flies. We need to bust out of here before everyone else loses it, and before we lose it,” she complains eventually, and Byleth does not even bother dignifying that with a response. Sothis knows as well as she does that there is no busting out of this. Even if she knew some way to get past the defenses, she would be in a world of trouble if she endangered any of her students just for a bathroom break.

With that out of the question, though, there is nothing that Sothis can do other than hold herself and dance about, making a complete nuisance of herself. She only goes quiet when she notices a surge in desperation in one of the students, paying attention to that the same way that Byleth does, both knowing that this is only going to make things worse.

The next one to fall is the proud Lysithea. She knows when she is going down long before it actually starts, but she remains stubborn until the end, fighting it with all that she has. It hurts so badly to keep trying to hold it in, and yet she would rather keep hurting than make herself look bad in front of her classmates. She holds herself and rubs her thighs together, and can feel her hand getting damp each time that she leaks, but she still tries to pretend that this is not the end for her, that she is not about to fully wet herself, and make a complete fool of herself.

Somehow, the fact that she is not the first, and likely will not be the last, to wet herself does not serve as much of a comfort for her. It still makes her feel like she is going to feel foolish, and that is still not enough to stop it from happening. She bites her lip hard as she feels a leak that turns out to be more than just a leak, and then it is finally over.

Her denial did not count for much of anything, and now she has completely lost it. She does not look up from her desk the entire time that she wets herself, not wanting to see if anyone is staring at her, not wanting to know if any of them are cruel enough to make fun of her. Of course, they are all just as sympathetic to her situation as they have been to one another’s, but she does not look up to see that either.

She just waits it out, until she is completely empty, and then, she still does not look up.

“That’s, what? Four of your students?” Sothis asks, counting on her fingers. “Flayn, Caspar, Bernadetta, and now Lysithea. And it doesn’t look like Linhardt is doing too good either. I mean, he’s definitely trying to act like he’s fine, but he would be dead asleep by now if he weren’t in a rough spot.”

Byleth tries to ignore her recap and running commentary, but she has noticed the same thing. He looks like he is struggling, continuously glancing around the room, face flushed like he is strained. She finds that she can’t look away, even though watching his struggle only makes it harder for her. At this point, she wants to see how it ends for him, wondering if it will be some dramatic reaction, or what might happen.

In the end, though, there is hardly any sign that it happens. One moment, he is strained and visibly stressed, and the next, he is sighing softly, eyes drifting closed as he relaxes. There is a slight delay, and then the sound of liquid splattering onto the floor, proving that he really did just lose control of his bladder. Byleth can’t help rubbing her thighs together, unable to hide her discomfort at the sight, even though she did not look away even once.

“Your students are going to be able to figure out that you have to pee now!” Sothis scolds her.

Well, they were probably able to figure that out a while ago. Either way, it doesn’t matter. I’m going to have to do what I can to keep it under control, Byleth retorts. It’s mildly hypocritical for Sothis to scold her on that when she has not been able to hold still this whole time, making such a big deal out of her own desperation. Byleth should be allowed a little bit of relief, in whatever form it may take.

So she lets herself be a little tense as she rubs her thighs together, and lets herself sway a bit from side to side, because she is willing to do whatever it takes to make this better. Besides, it is not really about worrying about how she looks in front of her students right now. With all of them desperate due to this situation, she doubts they are going to think less of her for struggling as well, and in fact thinks that it might make things a little bit better for some. If they know that even their teacher is having a hard time, they will not feel as bad about the fact that they did not make it, or might not make it.

Most of her students do not even notice the fact that she is struggling a bit more openly now. They are becoming rapidly more concerned with their own growing problems, at least those who are still trying to fight against their bladders. Things are getting past critical for too many of them, and there is still no sign of this ending any time soon. It will not be long until the next student falters, and the tension in the air is palpable.

It is Dorothea who is not able to hold it any longer, though she fights just the same as anyone else. After giving up on hiding her need, it has definitely become a bit easier to cope with, but she still has her limits. Once she has reached those limits, there is nothing for it but to give into them, and once she knows that it has gotten too hard, once she knows that she is absolutely on the verge of wetting herself either way, she sees no point in forcing herself to keep holding out, to prolong her pain anymore than what is necessary.

After all, several of her other classmates have already done it. At this point, Dorothea does not feel like there is any shame in it, and so, she lets go, sighing softly as she begins to pee at her desk. It definitely feels off, doing it here in the classroom, with her clothes still on and the others around her, but she soon gets used to it, as the relief becomes so great that she does not really care about anything else.

Her bladder had been so full, and it feels amazing to be able to let it all out. There is such a large amount of urine surging out of her, splashing onto the ground, and though she knows this is hardly the time to get excited by something like that, she can’t help feeling a little dirty, doing something like this in the open. Even if her circumstances pushed her to this point, that does not change the fact that it feels so daring to be able to do something like that, and she supposes that is what really gets her going about all of this. Definitely not something that she ever imagined herself getting this worked up over, but she can’t say that she minds the feeling, either.

No, she does not mind this feeling at all. Sighing happily, she finishes off her stream, not letting anything about the situation get her down. It would have been a lot easier to just succumb to humiliation, but she finds it better to be content about the situation, to really let herself enjoy the fact that she can just relax now. Another student has fallen, and though there are still a few left standing, it is not likely that anyone is going to be able to make it to the end, even if it they do not have that much longer to wait.

Neither Edelgard nor Hubert are easily able to hide their need anymore, just the same as their teacher. When the most withdrawn and stoic members of the class are this far gone, that is a sign that things are getting really bad. And no matter how much each of them wants to be able to keep lasting like this, no matter how badly they want to set a good example or maintain their dignity, or simply not have to deal with wetting themselves, when it comes down to it, there is nothing they can do to change any of this.

As Byleth surveys her desperate students, and does what she can to ignore what a pain Sothis is being right now, she wonders if she can outlast all of them, or if she might end up being the next one to fall. She does not want to believe that her need is that bad, but she can’t keep denying the pangs in her bladder, or the way she feels like she could leak at any second. This is the worst that she has ever had to pee in all her life, and she is really pushing things right to the limit now.

However, once again, she is not the next one to lose control. There is someone else doing a lot worse, someone who has been pushed to the very edge just from listening to the force of Dorothea’s stream as it splashed on the floor. Ferdinand is sitting close to her, and the sound of it is like torture for his bursting bladder. No matter how badly he may want to maintain his composure and dignity, he has moved far past that point, the torment of it all far too much for him, making him squirm and whimper, trying and failing to choke back those noises far too many times. It hurts, and he can’t keep it in forever.

Unlike Dorothea, though, he does not see the benefit in giving up on the pain so that he can have the bliss of an empty bladder. Instead, he thinks it is necessary to just keep fighting, no matter how bad it gets, even though his bladder is cramping so much right now that it is making him feel almost sink as a result. His toes curl in his boots and one of his hands is clenched into a tight fist at his side. The other is in his lap, as he tightly grips himself, doing whatever he can to fight the leaks that keep trying to slip out. His pants may already be a little bit damp, but he is fighting with all that he has to ensure that is all that happens.

Unfortunately, he is fighting in vain, his limits much closer that he would want to believe. It hurts, and he struggles with all his might, but then it is too late. To the end, he still tries to fight it, trying to stop his stream from turning into anything more, but it just keeps leaking past, until it is far too strong for anyone to stop. Even then, Ferdinand does not give up, face red with the strain of trying to stop it, all the way up until his aching bladder is completely empty.

Finally, he is able to let himself relax, to let his shoulders sag in his defeat. This is the last thing that he wanted to happen, but he was powerless to stop it from happening. He was completely helpless in the moment, his need too great, but he also tries not to let his shame get him down. Despite everything, Ferdinand can at least try and be optimistic in the face of defeat. Perhaps this is because he is rather simple-minded, but anything to keep himself from getting too down about it.

It feels good to be empty, at least.

Things are getting dire for those who are still left to deal with this, and no one left dry will be left that way for long. Somehow, knowing that even Ferdinand gave in feels like another bad sign, though it also makes a certain student feel a bit better about the fact that he is not going to be able to lord this over her, claiming that he bested her at anything. However, that is only a small comfort, and only for her.

Petra is shaking in her seat, wishing so much that things were different here. Had this happened to her back home, she doubts anyone would have had any qualms about just getting their clothes out of the way to go, trusting the others to offer privacy, if they even cared that much about it. The fact that her classmates care so much about trying to hold it that they end up ruining their uniforms in the process makes no sense to her, and yet, if that is what is done here, then she knows that she is supposed to do it as well.

If only it were that easy, though. She does not want to wet herself, but she does not want to look strange by pulling her skirt up and letting go. It seems like the former is her only option, if the latter is completely out, and if she knows that she is not going to be able to hold it for much longer. Her bladder can only take so much, and she is absolutely nearing her limit.

Finally, she realizes that, as long as she has to wet herself either way, that means that she does not have to wait until it happens naturally. After all, no one is going to know, one way or another, how it is that she loses control. With that in mind, she just lets go, finding it a lot easier than she would have expected. It would feel a bit more natural if her clothes were out of the way, but other than that, she does not really have any problem with peeing in the classroom, in favor of letting this drag on for too long.

And it feels so good to let it all out that she wonders why she bothered waiting so long in the first place. When Flayn first wet herself, Petra should have just given in then, rather than waiting for this long. At least she can say that she has done it now, and at least she can finally relax. There is no telling how long they will be stuck like this, but the wait is going to be a lot more bearable now.

“Pretty much your whole class has wet themselves!” Sothis cries, as if Byleth is not able to clearly see all of that, and as if that information helps at all. It is down to the last of them, and though there is still no sign of when things are going to end, things just aren’t looking promising.

The more things drag on, the harder it is for any of them to keep holding on. Edelgard is struggling to keep her composure at all, knowing that there will be no way for her to maintain her dignity, no matter how things play out. No matter what, she can’t sit still at all, but she is also starting to think that she really isn’t going to make it until the end, especially when she has no idea what end there is for her. She is in so much pain from holding it, and so tired of forcing herself to keep holding on. There is no part of her that wants to admit defeat and choose to wet herself, but in a situation like this, she really is not in much of a position to do anything else.

Still, she tries to keep holding it, even when she is left showing just how bad it is for her, how close she is to completely losing it and wetting herself. Edelgard is trying as hard as she can, but no matter what she does, it is just not enough to save her from this fate. When she first starts to feel leaks, she knows that she is going to lose control, and still she tries to fight it, until she absolutely can’t anymore.

She would almost be able to hide the moment that she loses it, if not for the fact that she is sitting right towards the front of the room, where the others can notice the way she suddenly relaxes, especially with so many of them taking in interest in seeing how long she is able to last. Besides, there is Hubert right next to her, paying attention to her every move, so there is no hiding it from him. Edelgard wishes that she could worry more about her image right now, but is surprised that, in the moment, the relief is so great that she does not care about much of anything else.

Just to be able to get it all out is a good enough feeling, her red tights quickly soaked through and heavy with her pee. Next to her, Hubert decides to give up now without even letting it come to that point for himself. He knows he is on the verge of losing control either way, but knowing that Edelgard has wet herself, and knowing that there is little he can do to comfort her, it only makes sense to let go and start pissing as well. He is the last student left, but he gives in without a second thought, all so that Edelgard does not feel alone in this.

“That’s everyone, and we’re not far behind,” Sothis whines, grinding her thighs together around the hand between her legs. Byleth only wishes that she could pose quite so shamelessly.

Instead, she is left with her fists tightly clenched at her sides while she shifts back and forth, her discomfort obvious, despite the fact that she is trying not to show off how bad it is. For her, the only thing she can do is try and look as calm as possible, and only show the most necessary signs of desperation. Even up to the point that she wets herself, she wants to keep trying to act as calm as possible, because that is all she knows, the only thing that she is used to. While it is true that being here has caused her to become a lot more expressive, it is still impulse to try and hide her feelings.

“It’s gonna come out, it’s gonna come out!” Sothis cries out, just as Byleth can feel a leak slipping past. In moments like this, the young woman who prefers to act with an air of maturity starts to act a bit more like the age her appearance suggests. Byleth would be interested in that revelation, if not for the fact that she can only focus on her own problems, and that Sothis does not make focusing on that any easier for her. She knows exactly what is happening right now, but she is powerless to stop it, and Sothis has never helped with her attempts to hold back, because Sothis has no control over what happens.

Even if it feels hat way to her, Sothis is not really the one wetting herself. Byleth is the one who actually loses control, the one that everyone can see start peeing, whereas Sothis seems to exist only in her mind, and the mess that she “makes” will not really exist, and will likely be gone as soon as Byleth has had the chance to clean herself up.

Byleth stands in front of her class, just as she has all day, and she gives into her overfull bladder, completely lost to the relief. It was just impossible to focus on holding it with Sothis repeatedly distracting her, and even if she did have focus, Byleth is not entirely sure that she would have lasted much longer than this. It was too much for her, way more than she is used to dealing with, and right now, she is just happy to be able to be empty.

Her class pretends not to stare, but she is sure that they have a hard time looking away from their professor peeing herself. At the very least, she can say that she outlasted all of her students, and that they probably feel even better knowing that even their teacher can’t hold it.

By the end, she and Sothis are both left sopping wet, with the girl finally falling silent, not much to say now that the worst has happened. Byleth is honestly glad for that, and glad that she can finally think clearly again, without her bladder or the interruptions from Sothis to get in the way. Now, it is just a matter of waiting out this lock down.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

