Just joking around (A Fire Force fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-10-01 15:15

A/N: For day one of Kinktober, I managed to slide extra pee in with the tickling theme!

The two of them have gotten a lot closer than Shinra would have ever dreamed. Someone as cute as Iris is definitely out of his league, and completely forbidden in every way, yet their bond has continued to grow with each passing day, to the point that they are close enough to actually tease each other. At first, he is not sure if he should tease her at all, but whenever she initiates, it is easy enough to get carried away with it, and soon enough, he understands that this is what she wants from him, and that he does not have to be so nervous with her.

He is able to joke around with her, the same way that she jokes around with him, and the two of them get more and more comfortable in this, until his previous worries begin to melt away. It is only when they get too close, when he suddenly remembers just how much he likes her, that he reverts back to being cautious, and it is all too easy to get carried away before he ever reaches that point.

Which is exactly how he ends up tickling her one day.

The two of them are just being playful, shoving each other back and forth, when she suddenly stops and squeals, “No, not there! I’m way too ticklish!”

Already caught up in their little games, Shinra just can’t help himself. “Oh yeah? Is that right?” he asks, his tone turning almost menacing as he says it, making Iris pretend to cower away from him. “Then what would happen if I did…this?!”

With that, he reaches out, putting a hand to each of her sides, so that he can start working his fingers into her, tickling her with all that he has. All at once, Iris is letting out shrieks of laughter mixed with her attempts at protest, and the more he moves, the harder it is for her to speak amidst her laughter. Once he is tickling under her arms, there is nothing she can do to stop, thrashing and struggling but getting nowhere, and completely unable to speak, unable to beg him to stop when she is laughing so hard that she can hardly breathe.

All at once, Shinra is aware of the fact that he has taken things too far, that he is touching her, but for whatever reason, he can’t bring himself to stop. It could be how damn cute she looks like this, or it could be something as simple as knowing that it is not actually bad for him to be this close to her when she has never had any issue with it. Or it could be something else entirely, but he is too far gone now to really think that through, let alone try and stop himself from what he is doing to her. And as Iris continues to laugh and struggle, he is not aware of any changes in her behavior, not noticing the way she becomes more frantic, or starts squeezing her thighs together while she tries to escape his tickling.

Shinra only notices the change when she lets out a sharp gasp amidst her laughter, something just different enough for him to realize that there is something happening. But by the time he pulls his hands back, it is already too late. Iris collapses forward, clinging to him because she is too breathless to hold herself up. Just before she falls onto him, he catches a glimpse of the problem, but then he is falling back, with her right on top of him. Normally, she would not be enough to knock him over, but he is not on guard, and that throws off his balance, sending him onto his back.

Like this, his leg ends up pressed right between hers, where he can clearly feel the wet warmth spreading through her clothing, and therefore seeping into his as well. Iris is wetting herself. Shinra has tickled Iris so much, has made her laugh so much, that she is wetting herself. And, of course, only now does he realize the reason he didn’t want to stop is because seeing her so giggly and helpless was turning him on, and somehow, now that she is peeing on top of him, he is only getting that much more turned on.

It takes a moment for her giggles to fade, even now that she is this panicked, and by that point, she is peeing full force, soaking both of them as she loses complete control of her bladder. The expression on her face is completely pitiful, showing that she has no idea what to do, and Shinra, for the life of him, can’t figure out what he can do either. He knows he needs to comfort her, to apologize and assure her that this was not her fault, that it was his own fault for not stopping when she asked him to, but that damn boner of his is taking all of his attention, because he wants to make sure that she does not notice it, despite how close they are.

“I’m so sorry!” she finally blurts out, scrambling to try and get off of him. “I’ll help you get cleaned up, I’ll make it up to you, I promise! It was just an accident, so I-” Before he can speak, before he can even react, she stumbles while trying to get up, and falls right back onto him.

This time, in a way where there is no way for her to miss his erection digging into her. She lets out another sharp gasp, and Shinra can’t help the slight throb when he realizes he can feel how wet she is even more in this position. Oh, fuck , he really wishes he were anywhere but here right now. His head is spinning as he tries to think of something, anything he can say to salvage this impossible situation, when her head pops up and she makes eye contact with him.

Iris is blushing furiously, and so cute from this close, even though now is not the right time to think about that. He can imagine the sight she is met with, as his nervous grin continues to grow, his face completely red from his embarrassment, and knows he must look like the biggest perv imaginable right now. There is no way to make up for what he has done to her, no way to salvage this situation, but before he can think of anything he can do, Iris makes the next move, and it’s something he never would have expected, not in a million years.

She bites her lip, steels herself, and leans in to steal a clumsy kiss.

###

{{:

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

And if you're interested in finding other proship Fire Force fans, please check out @ProshipFireForc (yes, without the E at the end of force) on twitter, where there's info on a discord server and a place to meet others!

}}

