The Strange Lady

Author: zuriochs

*000*2021-01-13 12:36

It's a story about a double embarrassement, concerning a pee addicted Lady and a voyeur:

The Strange Lady on a pale morning

It was a pale morning in early spring. I had been hanging around all night long – boozing downtown with some friends of mine. At dawn I was finally on my way home – quite hammered, I guess. And in the park I noticed this woman. She was just sitting there on a low wall, looking dreamy, somehow self absorbed. She was in her mid twenties and very pretty indeed. I really wondered, what a hell she was doing here, alone in the park so early in the morning. After all she didn’t seem sad nor drunk nor even deranged – no way. And she wasn’t going to work, definitely not. She just sat there, absent minded in a really strange way.

I couldn’t resist, I had to watch her, to find out, what she was intending. So I decided to hide behind a newsstand, still closed at that time. There was nobody around, only we: peeping Tom and the mysterious Lady. She was well dressed – really classy, but not for work neither for going out. And all of a sudden she got up, walked a few steps in my direction. I froze instantly. Jesus – had she seen me, would she confront me now? I was already about to run away, when she stopped and leaned against a tree. Then – believe me – then she bent over and clamped her legs together – at once a distressed look in her face.

Obviously she hadn’t noticed my presence yet – God, I was so relieved. But what was the matter with her? It was a complete mystery to me. Anyway, she continued her walk, still looking quite tense, her legs stiff and the upper part of her body slightly bent over. Involuntarily I remembered my little sister. I knew this picture, quite well indeed – from different situations in our childhood. This grown lady was acting like a little girl in extreme pee desperation. And once more she stopped, crossed her legs and pressed her thights together. She seemed to be in real agony now. Jesus, I definitely couldn’t believe my eyes.

But suddently she pulled herself together and staggered down the way. What was she going to do now? I’d loved to follow her, but I just couldn’t risk to be seen. She went about hundred meters, then she turned abruptly around a corner – and disappeared. After some hesitation I left my hiding place and ran after her. This Lady and her dark secret! Gee, I was fascinated and definitely eager to reveal it. – Finally I reached the corner. There was a stair leading up to a lookpoint – and there she was, crouching on a step, sucking her forefinger. She didn’t realize, that she wasn’t alone; she seemed lightyears away, lost in a weird desire.

What a sight, for Christ’s sake! She had her legs apart, so I got a glimpse of her panties, lacy knickers, probably quite expensive. She was wearing silk stockings and a girdle. A very bourgois Lady – why the heck did she expose herself like that? But this wasn’t the top yet – at once the seat of her panties started bulging – it looked as if she ....

And she really did – it was stupefying: She was urinating here, in public, through her panties. Brand new ones obviously, for the liquid didn’t soak through first. Just some sparkling droplets appeared on the fabric; most of the pee was still collecting in the seat of her knickers. She was pissing full force, an orgasmic relief in her face. Her panties were heavily ballooning meanwhile, then two small rivulets found a lateral way to escape and trickled down onto the ground. She was far away in her own world, melting in a weird delight. God, it was simply breathtaking!

Now I realized, that this wasn’t an accident. She did it on purpose, she really enjoyed bathing her pussy in her own hot urine. But now the pool in her panties was about to overflow, the pee burst through the lacy part of her knickers and cascaded down onto the hem of her skirt and finally onto the concrete stair. A puddle was forming between her feet, a puddle of strong, concentrated morning pee. I could clearly smell the tell tale odor. Imagine that! She had hold it the whole night long – just to wet herself in the early morning – in public, here in our park. My cute lady, gee, she seemed to be a real weirdo.

And the show went on. Meanwhile her knicks were definitely drenched – somehow deflowered, so to speak. Still tons of pee were pouring down from her crotch, into the growing puddle on the stair. Faint steam rose between her legs. And still this mysterious lady seemed completely lost in weird ecstasy. It was high time to piss off, I knew that quite well. I had seen, what I wasn’t meant to see. But I couldn’t leave, I was magnetized somehow and simply unable to drag myself away. Although I realized, that she was about to come back from outer space. Suddently it was too late: She had opened her eyes and focussed me with disbelieve.

It must have been a shock for her – certainly. She woke up and realized, she wasn’t alone, a stranger had watched her intimite performance. She had done it in public – but anyway, my presence was a violation of her privacy. Embarrassed and upset she tried to get up and to save a rest of her dignity. But this wasn’t that easy at all. She was still pissing, when she saw me first – and she didn’t manage to cut off the flow instantly. Pee was still gushing down between her legs, her skirt was visibly wet – and there was this steaming puddle. She was caught and had no chance to hide, what she had done.

Finally she stood upright – just in front of me. And even now pee was dripping from the remaining pool in her soiled undies. Above all wet steaks showed on her silk stockings – all down both legs. She didn’t look at me, she didn’t say a single word. But believe me: I didn't feel confortable – caught myself as peeping Tom.

For a short moment she just stood there – frozen. Then she wrapped herself in her coat. She looked confused, I think, she was deeply hurt. Maybe she considered to justify or to explain her behaviour, but at least she didn’t dare. – And I? – God, I stammered a helpless excuse. She flashed me a glance – God, what a beauty! I’ll never forget her teary doe eyes. But I just wasn’t able to return her look – ‘cause I felt deeply ashamed myself. And she, she turned away and ran off – rushed up the stair, leaving a faint wet trail behind her.

