The Comedian's Commissions (updated)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-11-14 14:00

My old thread is nearly three years old, so I figured I might make a newer, less cluttered one.

I am currently accepting fanfiction commissions, for omorashi specifically, though you might find other things that interest you.

One thing: I am currently not accepting commissions for 3k one shots. Everything else is fair game, but those are off the table for now.

%http://lua-russo.tumblr.com/post/145224792839/my-commission-masterpost

All of my fandoms are acceptable, though I am most interested in working with Durarara and My Hero Academia, so please, if you have any ideas for those I want to hear them!

*001*2017-11-20 14:29

SO I HAD TO LEave my job unexpectedly, in the interim I am trying to get more business in terms of commissions. If you'd like to help a poor beggar girl out, it would be much appreciated.

That being said, for a limited time I'm offering BOGO half off! So you can essentially do it one of two ways: you can get two one shots for $15, for example, or a oneshot for the usual ten and a $5 Drabble for free!

*002*2017-11-30 19:19

Promotion has ended, but commissions are still open!

*003*2017-12-12 20:48

Bumping again! I've appreciated all the new business, and I've still got slots open!!! My new job doesn't give me as many hours as the old one, so not only do I have more time but I could also use the money haha

*004*2017-12-17 15:33

So I got let go from my new job, I knew it was seasonal but I didn't know it was just a one month thing HAHA

ANYWAY I'm back to square one with no income, so I'll keep shamelessly bumping myself back to the main page every couple days or so, since it usually shakes loose someone new

*005*2017-12-26 13:46

Post-Christmas BOGO special, limiting to slots on this one though I doubt they'll fill from this site alone, we'll see what happens!

For every $10, 1k fic purchased, you get a second one completely free, making them the same price as my old rates were, basically. Though I am only doing this special on this site, you are not limited to omorashi commissions, anything that I'm able to write goes!

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Special runs until all slots are filled, only $10, 1k stories are eligible

*006*2018-01-06 18:47

First slot has been taken, so four slots remain open!

