Waiting room (A Super Smash Bros Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2021-09-01 18:09

A/N: Another old commission

Sitting in the waiting room here can always be tedious, because it is hard to know how long matches will go on for, and therefore hard to know when one’s number will be up. Leaving is not really an option, because as long as one knows that they are going to be called in for a match soon, they do not want to be gone when the time comes, and the lack of consistency with timing makes it really hard to take that risk of running out for any reason. Even if that reason happens to be for something essential, such as going to the bathroom.

Of course, everyone knows that they need to be responsible about such things, but there are some circumstances that simply can’t be avoided, some cases where, no matter what one might do, they still end up stuck waiting far longer than they would ordinarily have to, and that can lead to some uncomfortable matches. Neither Robin nor Daisy expects to end up in such a situation, but at the same time, neither of them really expects to have to wait around for so long, as the matches leading up to theirs drag on and on.

So when a need to pee sets in, neither of them comment on it, unaware that the other feels the same thing, and also not wanting to call attention to it, both certain that, as long as their match gets underway soon, they can make it through this without any trouble. To start out with, it is just the slightest nagging for either of them, a little urge to let them both know that they have to pee, and that eventually, they are going to have to do something about it.

It’s not as if Robin is completely unused to being put in situations similar to this. As a tactician, she finds herself too busy for bathroom breaks more often than not, so she is rather used to holding it. She knows the most important thing is to not think about it too much, and to not stress over it, because that will only make the need that much worse, which is absolutely not what she wants. However, she would still rather not be in this position at all, even if she does know how to handle it.

Daisy has her experience with holding as well, in all her strange adventures. She has learned the same sorts of tricks when it comes to holding, and knows her limits well enough to know that she is nowhere near her limit right now, that she will be able to last for a while yet, and beyond that, the only thing she can do is not worry too much about it. As long as her match does not take very long to get underway, or very long to finish, then she thinks that she will be just fine, that she will be able to hold it for a while yet.

Both of them are confident in themselves, neither too worried about the situation at hand, but it does make for a rather annoying situation, an inconvenience that both women would be better off without. Both just continue to wait for time to pass, waiting for their names to be called to the main stage, but it seems that whoever is out there now is taking a very long time, making it drag on so much longer than should be necessary. If things continue like this, then maybe neither of them will be in as good of shape as they think that they are.

Thinking negatively will do them no good, though, no matter how hard it is to be patient. As she tries to think about anything other than the way the slight twinge in her bladder is growing into something more, Robin mentally goes through old battles and fights, trying to come up with some new observation that might keep her mind busy for a while. It is probably not the best way to go about this, but she is not sure what else she can do to distract herself, as this has always worked for her before.

She resists the urge to fidget, not wanting to call any unnecessary attention to herself. She still does not know that Daisy has to pee as well, and even if she did, she would probably still not want to alert her to her own predicament. That is something private, something that she would prefer to keep to herself, and something that would embarrass her immensely, if anyone else were to know just how much she wishes she could run off to the bathroom already.

The worst part is that, during all the time that passes, she knows that she would have had enough time to go to the bathroom and have been back by now. If only she knew how much time it would take, none of this would be nearly as much of a problem, and that is what makes it all so unbearably frustrating, so difficult for her to deal with. At the same time, similar thoughts are going through Daisy’s head, as she wonders if she should just risk it and run off while she has the chance.

Reluctance keeps her in place, though, as she worries over whether or not she might miss her name being called. There is a chance that she would be fine, but since she does not know that for sure, she wants to stay right where she is, even as it puts her at more and more risk of getting truly desperate. The last thing she wants is the embarrassment of showing up late because she was in the bathroom, but she can only hope that she is avoiding embarrassment completely right now, and not setting herself up for something far worse than that, by forcing herself to keep holding it.

If she can just make it a bit longer, she keeps telling herself.

Reluctance is what keeps both of them from making any sort of move, but then things start to get so bad that it is hard to hide anything. At first, it all seems like it will be simple, like they just have a slight need to pee, but as time passes by, that slight need becomes anything but, and they are both left shifting back and forth where they stand, bladders starting to protest more and more. It seems unreal that they really could have been waiting here for that long, but that is clearly the case, considering the fact that things are definitely getting worse. That should mean that they can’t possibly have very much longer left to wait, but it is hard to be sure.

Daisy bites her lip, wondering just how long she can keep Robin from figuring out that she is absolutely bursting to pee right now. She might feel better about it if she knew Robin had to go too, but since neither of them have admitted to it yet, neither of them want to admit to it, both fidgeting and squirming, hardly even subtle about it, but both too focused on themselves to properly notice the other. That might not last too much longer, as both of their needs quickly become more and more prevalent, but at least for right now, they remain oblivious to the plight of the other, while very concerned about being found out themselves.

Robin bites her lip hard, rubbing her thighs together, as she begins to wonder if she will even be able to fight in this condition. In the current direction that things are heading, she has reason to doubt that, wondering if it might not be better to risk missing her name being called so that she can go to the bathroom. The only thing more humiliating than wetting herself right now would be to do it in front of everyone, and that would be infinitely more humiliating than being late because she was in the bathroom, preventing such an embarrassing accident from happening in the first place.

It definitely seems like the best idea, but she is just not able to will herself to do it, getting nervous every time she starts to think about it, wondering what Daisy would think of her if she were to just get up and leave like that, not aware that Daisy is currently wondering the exact same thing. Much like Robin, though, she just can’t bring herself to do it, even after she has already convinced herself that it is the best option right now.

She knows that she would rather take care of things sooner rather than later, not wanting to let it get so bad that it leads to something that much more humiliating, but no matter how many times she tells herself that now is the time to do it, she stays right where she is, her squirming becoming that much more intense by the moment, as she struggles to hide how badly she has to go.

Even in a bigger dress like she wears, her movements are starting to become really obvious, but if she holds still for too long, she feels like she might be at risk of leaking, and that is definitely not something that she wants to deal with right now. If she is going to go to the bathroom, she needs to hurry, before her name is called, before her match is up.

Just like Robin, she stays right where she is, reminding herself of that, and yet doing absolutely nothing to make it happen. Both of them are completely hopeless, and nothing seems like it is going to change, until Robin lets out a whimper. She does not intend to make this sort of sound, but it just slips out of her while she is trying to keep herself under control, and the noise is just loud enough to get Daisy’s attention.

As soon as Daisy looks at her, she can tell what is going on, because even while trying to conceal it, Robin’s body language makes it all too obvious that she has to pee right now, and Daisy feels a strange sense of relief, just knowing that she is not alone in this. She gives her a sympathetic smile and asks, “You too?”

As soon as the question is out, Robin feels that same sense of relief, and she nods, no longer quite as embarrassed about admitting to it. “I wish that they would hurry this up, but like this, I’m not even sure if I would be any good out there.”

“I know what you mean. This wait is like torture. How can it possibly take this long? And we’re expecting to just be patient, no matter what.” As she says it, she does not realize that she is giving the impression that she expects Robin to wait for the whole time, acting as if she plans to wait for the whole time, but that is exactly the impression that Robin gets, immediately feeling embarrassed for every considering the possibility of sneaking out to pee.

“Yes, so there’s nothing I can do but just keep waiting,” Robin agrees, and then that gives Daisy the impression that she is expected to wait. Neither of them realize the way that they have doomed each other, as well as themselves, all because of a simple misunderstanding. But now, the idea of leaving to go to the bathroom is off the table, where both of them are concerned, as they try to fight against their bursting bladders, which feel as if they are growing more and more full by the moment.

Both want to stand strong, also so that they look strong in front of one another. Neither wants to discourage or worry the other, just the same as neither wants to look like they are actually too pathetic to be able to hold it for that much longer, needing to run off as soon as possible. The irritation continues to grow, the pressure in their bladders growing more and more, as it starts to become something that neither of them can actually handle. No matter how long they think that they can keep waiting, it seems like the actual wait is just going to keep stretching on even longer, making it nearly impossible to keep holding it.

Now, they are both past the point that they can keep subtle about it, and though neither wants to behave too embarrassingly, there is only so much that they can avoid before they have to do something about their bursting bladders. It is more than either of them can just ignore, and before long, Robin finds herself consistently shifting her weight from foot to foot, hating just how obvious this is, but she does not really see any other option, not when remaining still for too long causes her to spring little leaks. She is always able to get them under control, but they still fill her with a sense of panic, as she wonders if this might be when she finally loses it for good, when she is finally unable to keep holding it back.

Daisy has been experiencing similar leaks, and has been just as agitated by it, wishing that she had just gone to pee before Robin ever noticed that anything was amiss. If she had just gone…but now she is stuck like this, and she does not know how much longer she can make it. At this point, she knows that there is no way for her to make it through an entire match, but it is not as if she has any real options right now. What is she supposed to do? She feels completely stuck, as if there will be no way for her to avoid such humiliation.

Maybe she should just go to the bathroom, and forget what Robin might think of her, or what might happen if she is late to her own match. As long as she can empty her bladder, which is so full that it might spill over at any moment, then she does not think that anything else should really matter to her. Anything is better than wetting herself in front of a crowd, in the middle of a fight, and she would think that Robin would feel the same way. She is going to have to do something, and fast, because she keeps pressing her hand into the front of her dress to try and relieve the pressure, even though she is terribly embarrassed to have to do something like that.

At the same time that Daisy has come to this decision, Robin has started to decide enough is enough for her as well. She is at risk of soaking her pants at any moment, and can’t hold still for long at all, practically dancing in place, and there is now way that she can just sustain something like this. She is too close to losing control, and in no shape to fight anyone like this, in no shape to do much of anything, not as long as she is this painfully desperate.

And so, both decide that they are going to sneak off to the bathroom, and with that, they do both start to leave. However, neither of them make it very far before they lose control, just a little bit too late to prevent any of this from happening, just a little bit too late to actually make it to the bathroom, even after deciding to do something about it. If they had just decided a little sooner, they might have had a chance, but this decision comes too late, as both start to wet themselves at nearly the same time, with neither knowing which is the first to lose control.

Mainly because they are too focused on themselves at first to even realize that anything else is going on. Robin’s hands go right between her legs, and she holds tight, trying to hold back, to make a few steps forward even as leaks keep spurting out of her, but then, it becomes clear that these are not just leaks, that she can’t stop them. That is when she drops her hands, and sees the dark spot already spreading along her pants.

And while Robin is fretting over that, Daisy is grinding her hand into the front of her dress, for all the good that it will do in terms of helping her hold back, when she has already lost the battle. She can feel it running down her legs now, and she comes to a standstill, so frozen in her humiliation that she is not sure what she can do now, and to make matters worse, the way she held her dress caused it to get visibly wet.

Both women are left miserable as their bladders continue to empty, and though the relief is intense, it is not enough to completely outweigh all of the humiliation that comes with this. Even when they both look up to see that the other is not doing any better, it does not change that they could not hold it, no matter how hard they tried. There are puddles on the floor now, both standing in the center of them, and they both have enough telltale signs on their clothing to show what has happened.

It is at that moment that an announcement has been made- due to some unusual circumstances with the previous match, all matches are called off for the rest of the day. On the one hand, that is great for the two of them, because it means that they do not have to go out there like this, and can instead go get cleaned up and changed. But on the other hand, it means that they waited through all of that for nothing, and ended up wetting themselves for nothing. It is hard not to feel discouraged after finding that out, but at the very least, it could be a lot worse.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

