Abby's Dilemma (An original story)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-06-09 17:43

A/N: This was my first point commission for writing. The commissioner had a pretty good scenario but no idea for a character, so I decided to do an original story to make it easier for them. So yeah, original stories are something I do too.

Abigail Blake, who much preferred to be called “Abby”, as many girls with her name do, had had an early start that morning. She was all about fitness and keeping herself healthy, and had a lot of things she did to keep up with that. Running was one of them, and she had grown quite a fondness for it over the years. Therefore, she ran a lot of marathons, and she was in the process of training for one. She had started marathons when she was fifteen, and was now nineteen.

That morning, she had woken up early for a practice run in the park. She had pulled on her light blue track shorts and black sports bra, put her shoulder-length blonde hair into a ponytail, and had a glass of water with her breakfast. She filled up her large water bottle before leaving, because she knew the importance of staying hydrated on long runs like that.

She had stretched for a bit and then set off, jogging toward the park at a light pace, nothing heavy duty just yet. The park had a rather large walking trail, and she intended to run it twice before going home. If she could do that without exhausting herself too much, her next marathon would be no problem at all.

She took a drink from her bottle as soon as she reached the park, refilling the few sips she had taken from the water fountain before starting off down the track. Again, she went at a light jog, knowing from years of experience that it was better for her to pace herself.

Her mind was elsewhere as she ran, thinking about all sorts of things. One of her favorite things about running was how little mental effort it took; it was peaceful and she was free to think about anything she wanted. When she got up this early, there was hardly anyone else in the park, and she felt as if she were all alone in the world. It was nice to experience quiet like this.

She would stop occasionally to drink from her bottle, trying to make it last until the end of her first lap so that she could refill then. She was making good progress, increasing her pace every now and then as she went. She had been practicing for so long, and she knew that she would do well.

She didn't like to take breaks. She would slow down to take a drink, but other than that, she liked to keep going at a steady and consistent pace. It was harder to gauge her abilities if she stopped for any reason, because she would not be able to stop when she was in the marathon.

So when she first felt the slight urge to pee, she ignored it. There was no time for any bathroom breaks, and besides, it was just the tiniest need. She would be able to hold it without any problem. She was used to this, actually. The amount of water she drank always left her needing to go by the end of her run; sure, it had never hit her this early before, but that didn't matter. She could hold it.

~X~

She finished up her first lap and refilled her water bottle, trying to ignore the spasms this sent through her bladder. This still was not anywhere near an emergency level, but the thought of drinking more did make her cringe a bit. She knew that she had to keep drinking, however.

Starting off at the same pace, she did her best to ignore the sloshy feeling she got every time one of her feet hit the ground. She didn't know why she had to pee more than usual today, but that was not something she could really fix now. She had to get around the track again, and home, before she could really do anything about it. The park bathrooms were disgusting, and she would not be caught dead in one.

It got harder and harder to ignore the growing pressure in her rapidly swelling bladder, and she knew that it would only get worse as she kept drinking. She had to get home soon, but even if she wanted to cut her run short, there was no way she could at this point in the trail. Her only option was a shortcut through a thicket that she was sure was filled with snakes and poison ivy, and that was not something she was willing to risk any more than using a park bathroom.

So she pressed on, trying not to increase her speed beyond the level she needed to go to remain steady. She couldn't let her problem affect her that much and, besides: running harder only made it harder for her to hold it. By the time she had finally reached the end of the track, she was positively bursting. She had finished her run, and not a moment too soon. All that remained was getting home, and then she would be in the clear.

She decided that it would be best to walk home. She didn't want to exhaust herself after such a hard run, and again, running was hard on bladder. A slow walk would delay her relief, but she would avoid mishaps at the same time. Not that she thought there would be any mishaps; she was an adult. She had not wet herself since childhood, and she was not going to start now.

She could feel her bladder pulsing as it filled more and more with the water she had had to drink. Perhaps she should have slowed down on that a little more, but at the time, she hadn't known it would get this bad. But hindsight was twenty-twenty, and all she could do now was fight off the urge as best she could. God, did she ever have to pee, though.

She had never really realized how long of a walk it was between the park and her house, since she had always ran it and had never really been absolutely dying for a piss while walking either. She grit her teeth, pausing to bounce on her knees for a bit to try and make it easier on her. It worked, but only as long as she did it, and when she resumed walking, the pain came back full-force.

“Just a little bit longer,” she said quietly to herself, but the encouragement did not manage to soothe her frequently complaining bladder. She felt so uncomfortably swollen that she wondered how it was even possible to be this full.

After a few more steps, she was suddenly so overcome by a wave of desperation that she could not continue walking. She had to pause grab herself, glad that there was nobody out to see her doing such a ridiculous thing. She never would have thought she would be pushed to do it, but she was afraid that if she didn't, she would lose control.

If I could find somewhere discreet enough, maybe I could go ahead and go now, she thought to herself. She was shocked that she was even thinking such a thing, but the pressure in her bladder had overridden all her senses, and she felt that if she did not relieve herself soon, she would not be able to make the walk home at all. What harm was there in going outside, just as long as nobody saw her?

She decided that there was no harm, and began looking for the right place to do it. Her eyes fell on a long row of large hedges. If she went behind them, that would offer a good block from the road and any passing cars, making it the perfect spot. She made her way over, slipping behind the bushes.

She wanted to scream in frustration when she saw what was on the other side. An open field was there, with a family setting up for some event. They would get a clear view of the show if she dropped her shorts right here, and so she had to turn back around and continue her walk, keeping her eyes peeled for any other good places.

However, she could not seem to find any decent spots that were hidden enough that did not somehow have someone around to see. Her luck was getting increasingly more and more rotten, and her bladder was not getting any less full as she searched fruitlessly.

The biggest problem with her search, she soon realized, was that she had strayed from her path home, and now had even further to walk than when she had started looking in the first place. She needed to find a place even worse than before, but she had no more time to waste. She had to go home, straight away, before the unthinkable happened.

She really, really did not want it to happen. As mentioned before, she had not wet herself since childhood, and there was no part of her that wanted to rekindle the habit. She had zero interest in doing such a thing, but she felt as though it was becoming more and more of a possibility. She couldn't let it happen.

But what else could she do? She had tried finding somewhere to pee discreetly, and that had not only failed, but backfired. She was getting so full that she had no idea if she was actually capable of making it home on time. She had an iron will as far as all of this was concerned, but she feared that even that would not be enough to stop the potential accident from happening.

She clamped her muscles tight, walking as quickly as she could without jarring her bladder too much, once again trying to focus on her determination. Her will might not be enough in the end, but if she did not try to re-enforce it, it would definitely not be enough.

Finally, after what felt like years of walking with an overly full bladder, she stood at the top of her street. Her house was so close! Her bladder gave a strong spasm and she leaked into her panties a bit, as if it were trying to discourage her. She looked down and saw that she had not leaked enough to show on her shorts, and kept going with her old resolve. She would not be defeated this close to home!

She surged on, her steps slowing again as she tried not to press her luck. This close to the end, it would be better for her to slow down and not risk going so fast she lost control, right there on the sidewalk. She would make it to her house without further incident; she would.

As she neared her house, she saw one of her neighbors outside, watering their landscaping. The site of the water made her shudder, and she tried to walk by as quickly as possible, while still waving politely. To her dismay, they said, “Hello, Abby! How have things been for you lately?”

She replied with a simple, “Pretty good,” hoping that that would end the conversation right then and there, and she could continue to her house. She did not think she could survive a conversation, especially not with the water going right there.

“How's your schoolwork going?” they asked, and it was hard for her to keep smiling politely with the frustration this caused her. She had to get inside, now, but it would feel strange to excuse herself this quickly and she didn't particularly want to admit how badly she had to go.

“It's...going,” she said. “I mean, most of my classes are pretty easy this semester, just a few tricky ones here or there. You know how it is...”

“Oh, I'm sure you're doing just fine,” her neighbor said with a hearty laugh. “But how about your mother? I heard those tomatoes of hers were coming out even bigger than last year! What on earth is her secret?”

She had never realized how pointless most conversations seemed before, but now she wanted to shout, “Who cares?!” before taking off for her house. Instead, she said, “I honestly have no idea how she does it...”

“Guess that's a secret even her own daughter can't know.” Again with that laugh, that made her cringe almost as much as the running water did. Her bladder throbbed again in protest. She was not going to make it if this conversation did not end soon.

“Guess so,” she said, forcing a cheery grin. This was absolutely killing her. There was no way she could possibly survive this encounter. Her bladder was probably going to explode at any second.

“You know, you've really grown up so much these past few years. I hardly even recognize you!” No, no, no, not this! The my-how-you've-grown conversation was the most pointless and time consuming thing she had ever experienced in her life. She had to get of this, stat.

“I'm sure,” she said, her composed facade nearly faltering as her bladder cramped. “But, hey, I'm kinda running late for something so I need to get home.”

“Oh, I'm so sorry,” her neighbor said, looking hardly apologetic. “You know me, I just get carried away all the time, never know when to shut up. That's what Dave is always telling me, you know, but you should hear him during baseball season! Now there's a man who gets carried away! Yammer, yammer, yammer, even more than I do.”

As if that were even possible. Abby winced and tried to disguise it as another fake smile, nodding. She decided that if she said another word, she would inevitably start another landslide of conversation, and she was really running short on time. She simply waved and turned, ignoring the call of, “Well, goodbye! Don't forget to tell your mother I said hi!”

She leaked again almost as soon as she started to walk away, and this time, she could tell it had soaked through a bit. It was a small, dark patch on her shorts, not noticeable if she held her legs a certain way, but a spot nonetheless. She fought back tears at the acknowledgment of how close she was to really losing it and how pathetic she felt to be put in this mess to begin with.

As soon as she was in the door, she was at least safe in one aspect; no one in her family seemed to be home. She did not have to worry about keeping up public appearances one second longer, and immediately a hand flew between her legs and she began to squirm and wiggle in place, trying to regain her composure before she made the walk to the bathroom.

She felt a few more spurts as she walked, and knew that the spot on her shorts would be visible now, but she still refused to give up just yet. It did not matter if she had already wet herself a little; she was not going to wet herself completely, not even if no one else was around to see it. She was too old for something like that, and she had come to far to give up now.

Her bladder was so achingly full that she wondered how it was even possible that she hadn't lost control yet. Not that she was complaining about that, of course. She was just incredibly curious, unaware that she had such a strong capacity. But how far that strength went, she was not sure. Certainly not far enough to last her more than a few more minutes, at the most.

She struggled to hobble up the stairs, realizing halfway that this was a terrible idea and that she should have just used the downstairs bathroom. It was force of habit; she had her own bathroom right next to her bedroom and she always used it. She barely even remembered that the downstairs one existed at all.

Either way, it was too late for her to turn back and attempt the trip down the downstairs, so she could only continue on. When she had reached the top, she gave up all attempts to take things slow and steady, and bolted for the bathroom. She stopped dead in her tracks when she felt a spurt run down her legs and had to regain her composure yet again. She kept her hands between her legs as she took each agonizing step.

Finally, finally, finally she was in her bathroom, standing in front of her toilet, and the battle was over. Premature relief flooded through her, only to be interrupted by the horrifying realization that she could not move her hands without leaking. She would not be able to get her shorts off in time.

She was too close, too damn close to really fail, and she tried. She really, really tried, but there was just no stopping it. Her bladder was too full, and too tired, to hold in its contents a moment longer. The final time she tried to remove her shorts, a strong jet of piss escaped, flooding her panties and running down her legs.

She let out a sound that was half frustration and half relief as she wet herself completely, her bladder emptying steadily and pooling at her feet, splashing on the bathroom floor. It felt fantastic to no longer hold all of that in her, and it seemed like the flow would never end. Had she really managed to hold that much in?

She peed for what must have been a full minute or more, before the stream slowly trickled to a stop. She sighed again, letting the full sensation of relief wash over her. It was all over now, and even if it had not been the outcome she had wanted, she could not deny that she was just happy not have to hold it anymore.

It was still rather embarrassing that she had wet herself, and frustrating that it had happened right in front of her own toilet, but she could at least be glad that nobody had seen it happen. She may have wet herself, but she had been spared the public humiliation and that was all that really mattered.

