To see if they will (A Bleach Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-31 14:31

A/N: A story originally posted in two parts, in which Aizen makes both Momo and Loly wet themselves just cos.

When Momo is asked something of her captain, she does it. From the moment she first met Aizen, she knew that he was the sort of captain that she could follow to the ends of the earth, the sort of man deserving of utmost respect. Growing and becoming his lieutenant really felt like a dream come true, and to this day, she still does everything she can to make sure that he does not regret his decision. More than anything in the world, Momo wants her captain to be proud of her.

So when he asks her to simply sit with him for a while, of course she is going to do it. That is not only an easy task, but one that involves her spending time with the man she admires. It is certainly not something that she would try to get out of in any way, even if that means ignoring the way that her bladder keeps nagging at her.

Momo is not sure when it first began, but she knows that it is really starting to get bad. The timing could not be worse, because there is no way she is going to interrupt time spent with her captain for something like needing to relieve herself. She has trained hard for so many things, and she is not going to let her bladder be the thing that gets in her way right now. It does not matter how badly she ends up needing to pee, she is going to wait until Aizen dismisses her.

She loves to listen to his voice, loves to talk to him about just about anything. Her captain is an intelligent and charismatic man, and she knows there must be a lot of people who would do anything to have the chances that she does. She knows that she is luckier than anyone, but for the first time, she catches herself thinking about just how long winded he can be, and just how hard it is to pay attention to him when there is something else on her mind.

Momo knows that she needs to value every word that he says to her, but each twinge from her bladder makes him forget it entirely, and then she has lost her place in the conversation. At the very least, he does not ask for much input from her in return, so she can nod along and pretend to listen, but that does not change the fact that she feels very bad about not knowing what he is talking about now.

She tries her best to sit still, but every now and then, she just can’t resist shifting or squirming. Her bladder feels so heavy and full, and she knows just squirming a bit could help her feel a lot better about it. All she can do is make subtle movements and pray all the while that Aizen is too caught up in his side of the conversation to even notice that she has done it. Immediately, she is self-conscious, but he shows no sign of registering it, so she assumes she is safe.

Momo is entirely incorrect, about the entire situation. Sosuke is completely aware of everything going on with her, just curious to see how far she’s going to push herself for his sake. Momo has been a lot of fun from the start, not even needing that much work to become so loyal to him, so over time, he has been able to twist that devotion more and more, until he finds her here, fists white from how tight she is clenching them, trying so hard not to wet herself in front of him, but not willing to request any sort of break.

He is not going to let up until it happens, of course.

She does try to hide it very well, but it becomes more and more obvious as time goes on, and he does a good job of pretending not to notice, making her think that she can get away with more and more, until she is not sitting still at all. The strain in her face is adorable, and it is getting to the point that she has started to realize she isn’t going to have a chance unless she makes one for herself. Just as Sosuke is wondering if she wills anything or not, she speaks up.

“Um, captain, is it alright if I…if I come right back…? I just need to…” She can’t even bring herself to say it directly.

“You’re not going to make it anyway, so why don’t you just stay right here?” he replies, his tone so soft and casual that Momo just stares at him for a moment, trying to process what he’s said. She had just been about to rise, but now she doesn’t know what to do. In response to the troubled expression on her face, he adds, “You’ve done well fighting it, but you don’t have to fight it anymore. Go on, Momo. Just go ahead and let it out now, so you don’t have to keep hurting anymore.”

She hesitates, even starts to protest a few times, but every time, the expression on his face, gentle yet insistent, stops her. Sosuke has made it clear to her what he expects, and now, Momo is going to show him if she is blindly loyal enough to just do it, or if she will defy him, will try and get away, even knowing that she will not make it either way. He wants to see how far her loyalty goes, he wants to see if she will just do it…

She sits back down completely, staring at her lap, face going red as her shoulders relax. In no time, a puddle begins to spread on the floor beneath her, and she ducks her head lower in shame. Softly, she says, “I’m sorry, Captain, I…I’m making such a mess…”

“You have nothing to apologize for, Momo. You only did what I told you to do,” he replies, giving her that warm smile that always gets him exactly what he wants from her. Whether she is actually comforted or not doesn’t matter, because she will force a smile and bask in his praise either way.

He is not at all surprised about how she has acted. It is still thrilling, though, to see things play out just as he planned them.

###

This scene is so familiar, despite the setting and cast being so different. Well, Sosuke is still present, as he was before, but now, it is a very different young woman that sits across from him, and the two of them are a world away from where he last tried something like this. Loly and Momo are as different as night and day, and yet they have enough in common that he can’t help but compare the two of them.

They are both so fiercely loyal to him that they would do anything for him. Well, he is not sure if Momo still feels that way or not, but she did up until the last moment he saw her, so it would not surprise him if her loyalty persisted, even after all he did to her. Either way, that is not relevant right now; the only thing that matters in the moment is the way Loly squirms in her seat, the tea he has given to her starting to become too much for her to handle.

She does try to keep it to herself, trying to remain proud about it. It is so rare that he spares Loly any attention at all, let alone time where there is no one else, not even Menoly. No matter how loyal to one another, Loly is willing to throw that all to the side in an instant, if it means she gets even a scrap of attention from him. If he does not dismiss her, she is not going to get up on her own.

She tries to hide the strain in her face, playing it off any time she winces a bit by giving him a bright smile, one that really does not suit her typically sour expressions. Despite her idolization of him, or perhaps because of it, Loly never shows her true self around him, but she isn’t very good at hiding it, at the same time. In that way, she is also not good at hiding the fact that, in all the time he has kept her here and forced her to listen to him, her need has only grown, to the point that she can hardly sit still.

Though a part of him wonders if she will try and ask like Momo did that day, another part of him wins out, the part that wants to suddenly stop the conversation just to say, “You are to sit right there until I tell you to move. I don’t care what reason you have, this is a test of you loyalty.”

“I…of course, Lord Aizen, but I…”

“I already told you all I need to say on the subject,” he says, not giving Loly a chance to properly protest.

Whether she knows that he’s aware of her problem or not, the look of misery on her face says that she knows what is going to happen to her, if she really does what he says. She also already knows that she is going to do it, because she not only idolizes him too much to refuse, she also fears him enough to know the consequences.

Ultimately, she knows better, and she is going to stay right where she is, all while dreading the outcome, not understanding why it is that he would ask this of her. Truth be told, Sosuke does not fully understand his reasons himself, at least to the extent that he can’t say for sure if there is any reason for them at all. He just knows that he enjoys seeing her squirm and enjoys the dread in her eye as she starts to realize just how critical her situation is starting to become. She can’t have long left now, he’s sure.

In no time at all, she can’t sit still for even a second. It is clear that she is trying to, that she is fighting with all she has to maintain some level of composure, but there is not much that she can do when her body is working against her like this. Loly’s cheeks are red, humiliated to be left squirming like this in front of him, even more humiliated to know that her control can’t last much longer, that she is guaranteed to truly humiliate herself in front of the man she idolizes more than anything in the world, and that she has no choice, not if she does not want to risk upsetting him because she ignored a direct order.

The turmoil in her expression is adorable. For the most part, he would not describe Loly in such a way, but in the moment, that is the only word that comes to mind. It only becomes that much better when she does finally lose control, turmoil turning to panic as it is clear she is trying to regain control, to stop this from happening, even when it is entirely hopeless. With the table blocking his view, he can’t see the moment she starts to wet herself, beyond being able to read it in her expression, but once she has let out enough that it begins trickling off her chair, he can hear it splashing onto the floor, no doubt making quite the mess.

Loly is helpless all through it. There is nothing she can do about her humiliation, other than let it happen, all the while knowing that he is watching her with an expression of amusement on his face. She can’t make sense of why he would make her do this or what he thinks of her now, and will never be able to wrap her head around it. Sosuke waits until the sound has gone silent, until he knows that her bladder is completely empty. Loly is still shaking, shoulders trembling, likely trying to hold back tears right now, still waiting for his permission to leave.

“You’re dismissed,” he finally says, now that he knows the show is well and truly over. He gets the pleasure of watching her walk away in her soaked through skirt.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

