Halloween Party (A Sabrina the Teenage Witch Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-05-08 22:14

A/N: Another commission, I took a more passive approach since it was set throughout in episode, I didn't just want to transcribe the episode

The party is all Valerie’s idea from the start, and so she hopes everything will go well for her. And she’s more enthusiastic about it than she has been about pretty much any Halloween in the past, since it’s going to be her first real Halloween party, and a chance to really have a good time for once. She picks out a costume that she thinks is absolutely adorable, thinking that no one could resist something so cute and fun- though she doesn’t really think about how childish it also looks.

She decides to wear a full duck suit, thinking that the duck looks super cute and that it’ll be really fun to wear. The only problem is, when she gets to the store to pick out the one she saw in the advertisement, there isn't one in her size. There are a few that are too big, and she wonders if she should chance it with that, when her mom tells her that they can make modifications to it, and that it'll be able to fit her just fine on Halloween.

Valerie is even more excited now, and as the party day grows closer, it gets even harder to contain her excitement. On the day of, she can't think about anything else. She finds herself staring at the clock, waiting for the time when it’s acceptable to get ready to head over there without being too early, until finally, she decides that she can't wait long enough to be fashionably late. She decides to go over early enough to help out with things, and hopes that won't look as bad as simply being the first one there without meaning to.

She rushes around to get ready before going to her mom to ask about her costume. “It's ready, almost,” she says. “I’m going to have to sew you into it , but then it will be done.”

“Alright, let’s get to it!” she says excitedly.

“Are you sure? Once you’re in, you won’t be able to get out until you get home, not without ruining the costume,” her mom tells her. “You’re going to be stuck in it for the whole party, so are you sure you’re ready?”

“Yeah, yeah, of course I am!” she says, waving her hand. She wants to hurry up so that she can get to the party already, and she can barely hold still while her mom sews her into it, getting her all ready to go. She’s soon ready and heading out the door, hurrying over to Sabrina’s without a care in the world.

It isn’t until she’s waiting outside the door that she realizes that she kind of needs to pee.

Of course, she probably should have realized that she was forgetting something in her hurry, but she had just wanted to get out of there so badly that the thought had not even occurred to her, and now she’s wondering what she’s going to do about the slight pressure in her bladder, reminding her that she did not visit a bathroom before she got ready for the party, and that she really can’t remember the last time she went at all. It’s not that it’s particularly bad right now, but it’s still there, and she knows that it’s only going to get worse as the night goes on.

She doesn’t do anything to show her need to her friend, doing all she can to keep it to herself while she runs about, helping in whatever way she can. It’s easy to get distracted temporarily, but every now and then her bladder will remind her of her need and she’ll find herself worrying about it again. It’s going to be a long night of her pretending that she doesn’t have to pee when she totally does, but she won’t be able to do anything about it without going back home, and that would just be too embarrassing. Leaving a party early just to get her mom to help her out of her costume to go to the bathroom? Out of the question! Even if she came back, it’s not like she’d have a good excuse for that.

The only solution is continuing to keep it to herself and suffering in silence. She decides that it won’t be too hard as long as it continues like this, and as long as she doesn’t drink anything or do anything to increase her need. For a while, everything is just fine, but then, something that seems even worse than her impossible urge to pee happens.

When the other guests arrive, no one is in a costume, and she realizes for the first time that even Sabrina isn’t wearing a costume. She’s the only one dressed up and she realizes that she must look like a total child.

She flees in her distress, able to ignore her bladder for the time being as the horrible realization that her social life is coming to an end descends on her. All she wants is to be alone now, and for no one to see her or make fun of her. Sabrina’s attempts to comfort her don’t do much, and when she’s asked why she doesn’t just take the costume off, she’s reminded of the fact that being sewn in has caused her quite a lot of discomfort.

Suddenly, she remembers that she has to pee, and the urge seems worse than before now. Squirming on Sabrina’s bed, she wonders what she’s going to do about it now. She could always just go home, using her current humiliation as an excuse. After all, it’s not like she wants to be here anymore, and it’s not like the situation could get much worse. But she talked her friend into having this party, and she doesn’t want to just abandon her to it, without at least trying to have fun. Even though she’s embarrassed, and even though she needs to pee, she wants to try to have a good time for Sabrina’s sake.

Everyone keeps giving her looks, and she knows they all must be laughing at her whenever she isn’t looking. It’s the most agonizing sort of situation for her, and it makes her nervous, which makes her need to pee even worse. It’s almost like they can all see just how bad it’s getting and are all making fun of her for that too. Of course, she knows that’s not true, but she also knows that, if they could tell, they would certainly be making fun of her for that right now.

Wouldn’t it just be better for her to give up on the whole idea of this stupid party already? Hasn’t she suffered enough? Even though she’s promised herself that she isn’t going to ditch Sabrina when she had the biggest hand in making this party happen, whenever she thinks about just how awful all of this is, she really thinks that she needs to leave as soon as possible. Her bladder isn’t going to hold out forever, and she has no idea how long she’ll end up being here if she tries to stay until the end of the night.

She feels so guilty to even think about it, but she still can’t stop thinking about it. Staying here means suffering humiliation, and she has no idea where that humiliation will end, and it means forcing herself to hold it until it becomes painful. It’s been a really long time since she’s been forced to hold it for that long, and she doesn’t know what she’s going to do if it gets to the point that she can’t even stand it. Clearly, she’s going to suffer more if she suffers for her friend, but what kind of friend would she be?

She thinks about explaining the situation to Sabrina, certain that her friend would understand, but it’s impossible to get her alone as she’s always running about, dealing with stuff for the party. Of course, that just makes Valerie feel guilty all over again. Sabrina is only doing so much work and stressing herself out so much because she asked her to have the party, and she’s trying to trouble her with her own problems. Really, she must be the worst friend in the history of the world for thinking about ditching the party, rather than making the most of their time there and having a lot of fun, despite her suffering.

So she decides to help liven things up a little, though when she checks in on the guests, it seems like a totally lost cause. Sabrina has been so busy dealing with...whatever it is that she’s doing, that she hasn’t done anything to make the night more entertaining. She stands around in the room, squirming a bit in place, examining everyone in action...or, not really in action at all. There isn’t anything that she can think of to liven things up, and thinking too much just makes the situation at hand that much worse.

Her bladder continues to protest the longer that she ignores it, and that just doesn’t help things at all. It would be better for her if the party stayed dull and wore itself out, and everyone left early, giving her the perfect excuse to flee, but to think along those lines is to return to the traitorous thoughts that had her wanting to leave early in the first place. It will still be no good for Sabrina if something like that happens, even if it would be beneficial to her.

Why does she keep finding herself debating over this sort of thing? The answer should be so much more obvious than this, but she supposes she just isn’t as good of a friend as she tries to act like she is. If only she could stop being so selfish, but she has to pee so, so bad that that’s really all that’s on her mind. She isn’t even that concerned with how ridiculous she looks, all she can think about is the fact that she isn’t going to be able to hold it forever.

How is she going to survive this night? It was supposed to be fun, and she had been so excited, but it’s all slipping away from her. If she doesn’t get out of this stupid costume, she just knows that she’s going to end up wetting herself, and that’s going to ruin everything even worse than it already is. But whenever she sees how stressed out Sabrina is, she loses her resolve and knows that she has to stay, no matter what.

The problem is that nobody seems to be having any fun at all, and she doesn’t know how to fix that. She has to convince Sabrina to fix things for the party, and make sure that everyone has fun, quick. However, once Sabrina finally starts taking her seriously, things only get more serious by more cool kids showing up. At first, Valerie can hardly contain her excitement, seeing them arrive, but then she remembers her costume and is immediately distraught. As if she could make a good impression like this! And, to make matters worse, she’s absolutely dying for the bathroom, something that might become more obvious if she keeps delaying it.

This is supposed to be going better for her, but it’s already going so much worse. Not only is she being humiliated in front of the cool kids, but she could totally end up peeing herself, and the party is so lame that she and Sabrina might never live this humiliation down. She has to do something, she thinks, growing more and more frantic as she watches her friend continue to fail. Things come to a head as Sabrina gives up on her stereo for whatever reason.

She declares that she’s going to look for a transistor radio, not seeming to understand just how absolutely lame she sounds as she says it. Valerie can’t help cringing, but it’s not like she has any better ideas. She crosses her legs, hoping that nobody notices it, trying to keep her overwhelming desperation at bay. She definitely isn’t going to last much longer, and if she doesn’t do something about it, she knows that she’s going to end up wetting herself in front of everything.

What do I do? There’s nothing I can do now! She thinks, biting down hard on her lip and wishing that she still had her mask on to hide the look on her face. Instead, she forces herself to smile like before, until one of the guests says that he wants to go to someone else’s party.

At that, she knows that she absolutely has to spring into action, before it's too late! She can't let him leave, drawing everyone along with him, but her panic regarding that and her bladder makes it hard for her to think, and drawing attention to herself is certainly not a good idea right now. Still, she does what she has to do, and declares, “We don't need music to dance!”

Definitely not one of her better ideas, but it's much too late to back out of it now, and she gets into it quickly, moving around and waving her arms, though the movement only makes her feel closer to leaking. And, of course, nobody seems too keen on joining her, and she realizes in that moment that she’s only making herself look more ridiculous. Oh, this is just the worst, most humiliating night ever for her!

Except, just when she thinks that this can’t get any worse, she hears a strange sound coming from the floor beneath her. Why is it creaking like that? Is it just because the house is so old? As it turns out, she doesn’t have that much time to think about it. The floor creaks and creaks beneath her, and just as she stops to try to understand what happens, the floor makes one final odd sound, and then it caves in beneath her, causing her to fall through the floor into the basement below.

Valerie lets out a scream as she falls into the basement, and she hears Sabrina lets out a scream as she lunges forward, and before she even hits the floor, she feels her bladder start to give out on her. When she does finally hit the floor, it takes all she has to stop any more from coming out.

Fortunately for her, the fall is mostly broken by her costume, but that doesn’t change the fact that she’s begun to wet herself, that her bladder is partially emptied now. She panics as she feels how wet the inside of her costume is, but when they look down to see if she’s okay, she puts on a brave face and lets everyone know that she’s doing just fine. They’re all quickly distracted by the hole in the floor, which gives her a chance to assess the damage.

To her surprise, the costume hasn’t been soaked through, despite how much she’s let out. There must be something trapping the liquid inside with her, which means that, unless someone gets a good whiff of her, then no one is going to be able to tell that she peed herself a little bit when she fell through the floor. However, that doesn’t mean that she’s in the clear now.

After all, her bladder is still partially full, and even though it’s a bit of a relief to be even a little bit emptied, her body is still frantic to empty the rest. She has to get out of the basement and back to the party, and judging by all the noise coming from upstairs, things are getting really lively up there without her. After all she has endured tonight, she deserves to have at least some fun tonight, and she tells her bladder that it’s just going to have to make do with what it’s had, and that she’ll empty it the rest of the way later.

When she gets out of the basement, she discovers that there are all sorts of cool and unbelievable things happening, special effects that she certainly wasn’t counting on. How Sabrina managed to pull this off, she isn’t sure, but she can see why it took some time for the party to really get into full swing. But the best thing of all is the group of people in really cool costumes, making her feel much, much less alone!

When they begin to play music, she even finds herself dancing with one of them, and she doesn’t care how uncomfortably wet her costume is, as she finally begins to enjoy her first real Halloween party. Nor does she care that she still needs to pee pretty badly, since she’s been coping with that for so long that it just feels like a part of things.

At least, that’s what she tells herself, but eventually, it gets to a point where she can’t deny it anymore. If she doesn’t get out of here quickly, she’s going to end up wetting herself even more, and this time, she isn’t sure if her costume will hold or not. Maybe she was just lucky when it didn’t leak before, and maybe this time it will leak through completely and everyone will see it. She can’t allow herself to be too careless about that, and even though she doesn’t want to be, she’s the first one to leave, ducking out of the party without saying goodbye to anyone.

She only makes it halfway down the street, her walk turning into a strange hobble before she doubles over and gives up, sighing as she wets herself the rest of the way. The warm liquid seeps down the legs of her costume, which still doesn’t allow any of it to escape. It feels strange, having it all trapped in there with her, and she doesn’t know how she’s going to be able to wash the costume out- though, after her humiliating night, she should probably just throw it out and forget about it.

The night has been nothing but tense, and now that she’s away from everyone, with her bladder completely emptied, she can finally relax. Next time, she’ll be more careful when it comes to parties and costumes.

