Fiction Commissions

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-09 20:18

My guidelines/openings: https://href.li/?https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xbV3B0oL9PdLxz72qsWuYQ-g12ynnCyFt1dCPLP5wq8/edit?usp=drivesdk

My ao3 is WattStalf

Hello! I'll be using this thread to update whenever I have Commissions open. I write both original and fanfiction, at a base rate of 25 usd per 1k. I also do ficlets at times, which I will explain more when I have openings on that to post about here.

I'm a disabled shut in who writes for a living. Fanfiction is my passion, as is kink fiction, so I'm happy to spend my life on that sort of thing. I have a wide variety of fandoms I write for!

Right now, I have slots open for the month of January. Feel free to familiarize yourself with my guidelines and hit me up here, or through my email! Right now I've got 51k words open.

I do have a section on my doc for Commissions received in the past that I'm getting caught up on. I had health problems that lasted about a year before I got medicated, and am taking on less words in my monthly comms to have space to keep getting caught up on those!

*001*2023-11-12 11:27

I have 49k words remaining (pending 10k, so almost 39k), and have a few slots for triple drabbles.

I have a thread called "Omorashi Drabbles" that has some examples of what you'd get, but essentially, it's a fic of exactly 300 words, no more, no less.

Fourteen slots available, $5 a piece, no limit per customer

*002*2023-11-14 12:47

As of today, i have 36k words available for the month of January, and 8 triple drabbles available for the month of November!

*003*2023-11-16 12:19

As of today, I have 30k words remaining and 7 triple drabbles!

*004*2023-11-20 17:09

I'm down to 24k and 5 triple drabbles now!

*005*2023-11-22 16:27

I have 18k remaining, and today is the last day to purchase a November triple drabble. I have 4 slots left for that.

*006*2023-11-25 12:31

I am down to my last 6k for January!

*007*2023-11-30 13:29

I have 2k left for January that I will be closing after today so I can prepare to open for February!

*008*2023-12-05 16:03

February slots are currently open! I have 57k words remaining, and discounts on a few femslash ships that you can see here:

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SPr3-BtRzmoyvVE3HfV7ImCXiWoJ3iOMi-kwcqrcT8w/edit?usp=drivesdk

I also have an NTR kink sale going for the month of February with two slots left open, more info here: https://twitter.com/ZappGuatiche/status/1730260567246414098?t=o9oE3m0LKt0cD_cKbYsDiA&s=19

*009*2023-12-13 12:22

I now have 43k words remaining for Februsry!

*010*2023-12-17 13:12

I have 41k words remaining for Feb, and one slot left for the Valencuck sale

*011*2023-12-21 13:13

Bumping because I had two things come up: broke a tooth so I need that filled, and my cat needs to go to the vet for a checkup or they won't renew the prescription for her special food, so!

40k words remaining, 1 ntr sale slot, ask me if you're interested in triple drabbles

*012*2023-12-23 12:11

ONE DAY ONLY SPECIAL!!!!

I urgently need to make some money today to cover an expense that came a week earlier than expected, so today only! If you purchas a fic of 3k or more from my February slots, you will receive two free triple drabbles in January! (Infomercial voice) that's a ten dollar value, yours, for no additional cost!

*013*2023-12-25 07:32

25k words remaining for February!

*014*2023-12-28 02:37

February slots will close at the end of the month regardless of if they fill. Though March will open in January, it'll be the last chance to secure something for Feb

*015*2023-12-31 12:02

With 23k words remaining, today is the LAST day to secure a spot guaranteed to be done by the end of February!

*016*2024-01-01 13:36

Commissions for March are now open and February is closed! 60k words for March, and this month certain yaoi ships are on sale, check my twitter for info on that!

%https://twitter.com/ZappGuatiche/status/1741814506798391608?t=0wzjKytjG_JR0ePFkmMUsA&s=19

*017*2024-01-07 07:04

I've still got 58k for March available and plenty of bills to pay this month so if you're looking to check me out, now might be the time for both of us!

*018*2024-01-08 11:10

43k words remaining, and, until the end of the day only, fics are 20 per 1k

*019*2024-01-10 12:55

Down to 40k and the sale is over for the time being

*020*2024-01-13 13:08

38k remaining, still obviously got plenty open and plenty more expenses I need covered so if ya wanna come on down

*021*2024-01-15 12:16

I have just 18k left for March, and a small additional sale for pink and purple haired characters:

%https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W9FLlAlM45qJLoYZgJWlNxfrqtDfo-P3ZeOPcFBOLHo/edit?usp=drivesdk

If you've already gotten slots for March. There's still no limit to how much one can get per month outside of my own caps, so anyone is welcome to take advantage of this sale

*022*2024-01-18 17:18

I have 11k words remaining for March!

*023*2024-01-22 11:55

%https://twitter.com/ZappGuatiche/status/1749398218444513492?t=VPCmd9k6rsNLEvc-TlVa6A&s=19

Opening triple drabbles for the month of February, but yuri only, so feel free to check those out!

&&

*024*2024-01-25 22:47

February Triple drabbles are now closed, but I still have 11k words for March!

