A focused builder (A Build Fighters Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-12-22 02:25

A/N: As the tags suggest, this story involves pee drinking and cunnilingus at the end. Haruto is the client's OC

Whenever the two of them get building together, they both get sucked in for hours on end. That is one of them many things that Fumina and Haruto have in common, and so, their building dates typically don’t involve much time actually spent talking to each other, but neither of them mind. In fact, it is some of the most fun that they can have together, and very easy to get carried away with.

This time, the two of them are building right after school, with Fumina getting into it without a second thought. She’s been looking forward to this all day, so she doesn’t want to waste a single moment, and doesn’t think to visit the bathroom before she already has her kit open and nippers at the ready. As soon as she is sucked into it, she pays no mind to anything from the outside world, let alone any signals from her body that don’t have to do with the gunpla she is currently assembling.

That includes her bladder, which has been steadily filling since lunch, and is now getting rather full. Somehow, she does not notice the signals it is sending her, or the fact that she is fidgeting quite a bit while she works. She is just so focused on the work at hand, so determined to finish what she started, that it doesn’t occur to her that there might be a better use of her time. Even when she fidgets a bit, she doesn't notice, her body moving on instinct.

As she continues to work, Fumina somehow does not feel feel her bladder getting tighter and tighter, but even though she is able to completely ignore it, she can feel her legs pressed together. She isn’t sure why she is doing this, but it feels like a natural reaction, and so, she just goes with it. As she continues to focus on the gunpla, she starts to feel a tingling sensation in her lower belly, but she doesn’t know what it is. She can feel herself getting antsy, but she doesn't realize what it means, and so, she doesn't know how to deal with it. She just keeps fidgeting and trying to focus, but it is becoming increasingly difficult.

She starts to feel a strange pressure in her abdomen, but she doesn’t think to pay attention to it, and just keeps working. Her body is sending her a message, but she isn’t listening, and so, she manages to completely miss the fact that she has to pee, and desperately, at that. As she begins to squirm a bit more, Haruto starts to notice, and he wonders why she is acting so strangely. He looks over at her, and he can see that she is not paying attention to him or the world around her, and so, he decides to take a closer look at her work.

As he inspects her, he realizes that Fumina has been struggling a bit, though not with her building at all. No, what she is struggling with, it seems, is her own bladder, and is only now starting to notice. He watches her squirm for a bit longer, wondering if maybe she will finally snap out of it, but then, he can see her beginning to press her thighs together, and he realizes that she is really struggling now.

It isn’t until she whines, however, that Fumina begins to understand the situation. The sound slips past her lips without her realizing it, and once she does realize that it was her own voice, she is surprised, but also mortified. She whimpers again, not able to hold back, and that is when she is overwhelmed by the painful sensation of her overfull bladder, bursting and agonizing. Though she tries to stop fidgeting, not wanting Haruto to realize just how badly she has to pee, it is too late for that, and too late for her to have any hope of holding it much longer.

Fortunately for her, Haruto has already realized just how close she is to wetting herself, and he is already moving, saying, "Here, let me help you," as he does. She jams a hand between her hand reflexively, letting out another whine.

"Hurry!" she cries, quick to agree with his offer. She stands up on shaking legs, and, as soon as she moves her hands away, a small spurt of pee leaks into her yellow panties. Haruto is ready, though, and pulls them to the side just in time to get his mouth in position, ready to drink her stream of pee. It is hot and strong, and Haruto drinks it all down as quickly as possible, so that there is no chance of him wasting any.

"Ahhh, thank you," Fumina sighs, as it continues to gush out of her. "I was really, really desperate, but I didn't even realize how bad I had to go!"

Haruto keeps up with her until her stream has come to an end, but but does not pull back even when she is done. While she is distracted by the way her bladder cramps with relief, he takes her by surprise as he begins to eat her out. She moans out, her head tilting back. He focuses on her clit, teasing her with his tongue until she is crying out. She somehow feels a little more sensitive, having just finished relieving herself, and her voice only gets louder, as he works her closer and closer, and her hips jerk forward.

Haruto knows all the right ways to make her lose control, and before long, he has her trembling on his tongue. She comes hard, her hips jerking and her thighs squeezing together, and her breath catching in her throat, before her body falls still. For a few moments, Fumina is unable to move, and then, she lets out a long, satisfied sigh.

"That felt amazing," she says. "But I wonder how we got to this point..."

"It was all because you were too focused on the gunpla and didn't realize how badly you had to pee," Haruto says, laughing.

“Something that I don’t think happens to most couples, right?”

“I think I’m proud to be different in this case.”

{{:

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

Or! Check my Gundam twitter/bsky @ZappZabi!

}}

