A long hug

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-04-04 15:43

A/N: A commission that I wrote recently

Olivia and Mallow have certainly gotten close since they first met. It seems like just yesterday when Olivia recruited the young woman as a trial captain, watching her come into her own and become rather popular amongst her fellow captains. The kahuna has always had a particular fondness for Mallow, one that only grew as time went on, especially when she first noticed the way that Mallow looked at her.

Despite her general lack of luck in her love life, she is able to figure out pretty easily that the younger girl has a crush on her. At first, she does not think that anything can come of it. The age different makes it seem pretty impossible, and she has no idea how to even go about approaching it. It is only when she starts thinking about that that she realizes she must have developed feelings for Mallow at some point, to even be considering pursuing a relationship with her. Still, she does not think that there is any point in trying to pursue a relationship, when she is sure that the girl’s crush will soon pass.

Certainly, she does not expect her crush to not pass, and she does not expect Mallow to be the one to make the first move. But the trial captain decides to be bold, and Olivia is already too infatuated with her to turn her down, eager to finally start a relationship with someone who adores her as much as she adores them. Any complications that may come with it can be sorted out in time, and will definitely be worth it, if it means that she and Mallow can be happy together.

With all that in mind, she decides not to worry at all, and ever since then, the two of them have been blissfully happy, even if they do have to keep the details of their relationship on the down low. It feels all too worth it to be able to share what they have behind closed doors, and things quickly escalate, as they both get carried away. Mallow is a horny teen and Olivia is pent up from years of loneliness, and so, it only makes sense that sparks fly every time they have a chance to get their hands on each other.

They get experimental in no time at all, trying new things to keep spicing up their sex life, both of them always excited to try something different. The two of them pretty much agree to try anything once, as long as at least one of them is into the idea, and the other is not disturbed by the concept. So far, they have had no problem with that, but Olivia has something on her mind that she is not sure that they can pursue with their usual methods of experimentation.

What she wants is something so genuine that she can’t just warn Mallow ahead of time, or else her young lover will surely do whatever she can to make it perfect for Olivia, even if it is not genuinely played out. She does not want Mallow to feel pressured to act for her sake, does not want anything more than her natural reactions, and so, she decides that she has to surprise her, in order to make it happen.

Of course, if Mallow hates it and protests it, then she will let her go and give up on it altogether, not planning to take the surprise too far, but if it is going to work out, it has to be a surprise. Her fascination begins one day when they are late getting home from a date, and Mallow is so desperate to pee that she complains about being on the verge of wetting herself the whole way home. The bathroom had been out where they were, and upon arriving home, she had to make a mad dash for the bathroom, even claiming that her panties were a little wet after the fact.

That night, Olivia was so turned on that they fucked for quite a while, and now, she understands why that is, and she is ready to start experimenting with it. She wants to make Mallow actually wet herself, and she wants her to genuinely lose control, to see her fall to pieces in her desperation, unable to hold it anymore. That is just not something she can enjoy if it is fake and acted out for her pleasure, hence why she has her little plan to take Mallow by surprise, and hope that her lover does not hate it and beg her to stop.

It is a simple plan, taking place after they get home again one evening. Mallow is not desperate like she was that first time, but she did not go to the bathroom tonight, and she makes a few mentions of needing to go on their way back. Olivia could probably use a trip to the bathroom herself, but she has great endurance, and knows that she can worry about that after she has had her fun, pushing it out of her mind.

Sure enough, as soon as they arrive home, Mallow starts to head in the direction of the bathroom, and Olivia stops her. Before Mallow can ask what she is doing, Olivia wraps her arms around her, pulling her tight to her body, and giving her a big hug. This is far from the first time that Mallow has experienced a crushing hug from her girlfriend, so she does not think anything of it at first, and instead returns the embrace. However, after a solid minute of Olivia holding her and not letting go, she starts to get a little squirmy, no doubt beginning to wonder just why Olivia is holding her for so long.

Soon, she tries to pull back, but Olivia just tightens her grip, strong enough that Mallow would not be able to fight her way out of her grasp, even if she really wanted to do so. She doesn’t want to fight away from her lover, but she is a little confused as to why Olivia is not letting her go, when she should already know that Mallow is trying to reach the bathroom.

“Hey, what’s up?” she asks. “Not that I mind letting you hold me like this, but can it wait until later? Remember, I really need to pee, so…”

“I know that,” Olivia replies. “But that’s exactly why I want to hold you like this. How long do you think you can wait?”

Still confused, she says, “But why should I have to wait? The bathroom is right over there, and I really do have to go right now, so…”

“What if I told you I wanted to see you lose control?” Olivia asks softly, and Mallow jumps a little bit. The question comes as a surprise to her, as this is not something that either of them have ever discussed before, but as soon as she starts thinking about it, she can start to understand why Olivia is doing what she is doing. It may be something new to her, but they have experimented more than a little bit with their sex life, and the idea of trying something a little more out there really isn’t all that shocking.

Actually, when she lets herself think about it a little more, she does not mind the idea at all, finding it much less embarrassing than she initially thought that she would. Even if it does mean wetting herself in front of Olivia, something that previously would have been the most humiliating thing she could possibly imagine, it seems a lot more appealing if there is a chance that Olivia might like it. She has to go so badly that she is sure it will not take long before it happens, and she looks forward to seeing how Olivia reacts when it finally does.

With all that in mind, she can start to put her doubts behind her, and focus on the moment. Being held like this is pleasant, but it always is. Due to their height difference, her face is always perfectly level with Olivia’s chest, so when she is hugged this tight, her face is buried between her breasts, a very pleasant place to be. Really, if she had to pick a way to go out, being smothered by her older girlfriend’s chest sounds like an ideal way, so this position is the perfect place to wait out her bursting bladder.

But how long will it actually take? She felt like she was starting to get incredibly desperate, but she has not so much as leaked even once. When Olivia first grabbed hold of her, her body seemed to react on its own, redoubling its efforts to hold back when faced with an obstacle, and now, she feels like close to the edge than she did before. If she could just let go right now, that would speed things along, but Olivia wanted to see her lose control, not wet herself on purpose.

If she had wanted the latter, she could have asked for it at any time. But this situation is set up in such a manner that it seems obvious she would want it to be as natural as possible. She waited until a time when Mallow really was desperate, and then grabbed hold of her with no warning, only explaining herself when asked, and only because she never wants to force Mallow into a kink she would not be interesting in trying out. Everything about it suggests that Mallow needs to just keep holding it, for as long as it takes, because Olivia would rather have to wait it out than be disappointed with an insincere show.

Besides, even if she wanted to just let go, she is not sure if she would be able to. As much as she wants to try this out, and as much as she may think she will enjoy it when the moment comes, she has spent the better part of her life making sure that such things are only ever private. At a young age, she was taught never to wet herself, and to always do her very best to hold it until she could make it to the bathroom. Those instincts are hard to just put aside, even for the sake of her lover, and she is pretty sure that she would just lock up if she did try to let it out naturally, her body working against her to the very end.

In that regard, her only option is waiting for as long as it takes, while her body does what it can to make it all last even longer. She can’t help the way she squirms, moving reflexively, the impulse to keep it in and do whatever she can to make holding it easier winning out over everything else. That being said, Olivia seems to like that, sometimes squeezing her closer, her breathing growing a bit heavier whenever Mallow shows any signs of desperation.

She must really be into this, if she is reacting like that to everything that Mallow does. How long has she known about this? Has it been some big secret that she was trying to get up the nerve to go for? The idea of Olivia having a kink that she might be a little bit embarrassed about is really cute, and Mallow like the idea that much more as a result. She has never caught herself wishing that she could lose control before, but right now, she wishes that she had the weakest bladder in the world, all so that she could wet herself right here and now, and make her lover’s dream come true.

Unfortunately, she still has to wait it out, because her body is not going to be moved by something as simple as that. She just lets Olivia keep clinging to her, and hopes that she does not disappoint in the end. What she does not realize is that, while she is waiting for her own downfall, Olivia is really starting to deal with a battle of her own, one that she did not expect to end up this intense.

She has great endurance, so her own need to pee should not be any sort of issue. However, she had been so focused on Mallow that she had not really thought about how bad her need actually was, and that lack of assessment means that it got worse than she would have expected, faster than she would have expected. When she actually thinks about it now, she can’t remember the last time that she visited the bathroom at all today, which means that she is dealing with a much longer wait than she initially thought.

But she is going to keep holding out, because there is no way she is going to let her own need to pee get in the way of enjoying Mallow’s, not when she worked so hard to set all of this up. Besides which, it would not really be fair for her to run off to the bathroom and expect Mallow to stay right where she is and keep holding it, and there is also the risk that, even if Mallow went along with that, that she might happen to lose control while Olivia is gone. She wants it to happen while they are embracing like this, so if anything else happens, it is a waste of the time she has put in to make sure that happens.

No, she is going to keep holding it, and she is going to believe that she can make it as long as she needs to. She is probably just psyching herself out due to the anticipation as she waits for Mallow to wet herself, not actually anywhere near losing control for herself. And she is sure that it can’t be that much longer, because Mallow is showing more and more signs of desperation, not able to hold still at all in her embrace. She has her thighs pressed together, and were it not for the hug, she would probably be holding herself. That mental image sends tingles down Olivia’s spine, so as long as Mallow is up for trying something like this again, she will have to ask for a show like that next time.

This time, though, she is glad to be able to hold her like this, because she is going to be able to feel it the instant that Mallow loses it, soaking through her clothes and then into Olivia’s. She can hardly wait for that to happen, though now that she starts thinking about it, it makes it a little harder for her to ignore her own throbbing bladder. Things are getting bad for her, but she still refuses to give up. Any minute now, all of this is going to be completely worth it.

Mallow notices Olivia squirming a bit from time to time, but does not think anything of it. At the very least, she does not assume that it is because she has to pee herself, but rather, because she is getting tired of standing here and doing nothing. Which makes her feel guilty for how long this is taking, but she knows it will not be long now. Even her impulse to keep it can’t win out much longer, as she jiggles her legs and whimpers, the pain of her bladder becoming more than she can stand.

This is the most desperate that she has ever been, and in the end, there is nothing that she can do to stop it when the time comes. She wouldn’t try to fight it anyway, but she has been pushed her to very limit, and even if she were trying to hold it, even if she were a few feet from a toilet, she would not be able to force herself to hold it in anymore. All at once, it starts gushing out of her, surprising her with how sudden it is.

There is the reflex to try and clamp down and stop it, but that fails, and then she forces herself to relax anyway, since she has no reason to cut her stream off. As she begins wetting herself, peeing on Olivia in the process, the older woman moans softly, clinging tighter to her and just taking ti all in, making it clear that she loves every second of it. Mallow, if she is being completely honest, knows how she feels, and loves this moment not just for the relief that it gives her.

It feels like it goes on forever, but eventually, it does slow to a stop. Olivia is able to enjoy it so much that she nearly forgets her own need, but a sharp pang from her bladder reminds her that she does not have any time to stand here congratulating Mallow on a job well done. She has to bolt for the bathroom and finish this later, and so, she quickly pulls back from the hug, not able to stop a leak as she does.

Except it is more than just a leak, and Olivia is too far gone to actually do anything about this situation. And so, Mallow is not the only one to wet herself today. However, Mallow gets a full view of this, since Olivia pulled back just in time, and she watches in surprise as her girlfriend adds to the puddle that she has made on the floor.

Olivia is surprised that she lost control so easily, surprised that she did not have it in her to hold it for a little bit longer, but she knows better than to let it get to her. Since they were already experimenting, the best thing she can do is take it in stride, and act as if this is just what she wanted. And so, she is able to laugh it off, but not before noticing just how excited Mallow seems to be, unable to stop staring at her.

It seems they have both discovered a new interest tonight.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

