What Gets Her Hot (A Watchmen Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-10-01 17:21

A/N: First of all, I wasn't clear where this fell in the guidelines. No intercourse or oral sex occurs in the story, but there are definitely sexual themes, given the fact that this story involves watersports along with the desperation. If it is breaking any rules, I'm sorry, but I couldn't find anything saying that this wasn't allowed. This was written for a prompt on the Watchmen kink meme.

Now, I have the headcanon that though, in the comics it's not directly stated that it was more than one time and, in the movie it is flat out said that it was only one time, that it was definitely more than one time. I definitely like to think they were lovers for a bit, and that Sally only admits to the one time.

Prompt: “Watersports. Really wanting to see some watersports. Don't hate me for this but I'd love it was Eddie and Sally, especially with Sally as the dom (perhaps revealing herself to be into it during their eventual consensual encounter).”

“Aw, c'mon, why doncha just tell me already?” asked Eddie.

“I don't know, you might not be into that,” Sally said teasingly, smirking playfully. She was baiting him and he knew it; she knew that he would take the bait and she would get her way. She always got her way with him these days.

It had been weeks since their fateful encounter, when he had arrived, unannounced at he house, claiming that he couldn't stand her being mad anymore. He laid his feelings on the table, apologizing for what he had done to her. He was young and stupid, he'd said. He had lost his temper, he'd said. It was inexcusable and unforgivable, but he would do anything to earn her forgiveness, he'd said.

And she had heard him out, because she had never seen Eddie Blake look so sincere, had never heard him use that tone of voice before. There was a part of her that had always known he would someday apologize and that what he had done to her, as horrific as it was, had only been an impulsive mistake. He had been young then, and he had certainly paid for it.

But he was not young anymore, and the years that had once kept her from seeing him as anything more than a handsome child now meant nothing, and she saw him as a man. Back then, she had flirted back only because she enjoyed his obvious crush on her- though even then she had suspected she could grow attracted to him with time; now, she could not help but find the man in her living room desirable. Add in how unsatisfactory things had been with her husband, and the outcome was only natural.

Now, weeks into their affair, she had revealed to him that she had something she was curious about, something that she had been wanting to do in the bedroom for quite a while. Eddie had asked and she had only said that it was strange. That had only caused him to persist, while she talked around the subject, teasing him.

“I just don't know if you could handle it,” she said at least, delivering a blow to his ego that she was sure would get her what she wanted.

“Baby, I can handle anything,” he said, cocky. “Just tell me what it is so we can get down to it.”

“I'd like to piss on you,” she said, bluntly.

Eddie blinked. He was used to the way she dropped profanities in the bedroom; he actually found it incredibly arousing to hear those vulgarities in her pretty little voice. That part did not shock him; the concept of what she was asking for did.

“Uh...d'ya...you're joking, right?”

She laughed. “No, Eddie, I'm not joking. I'm dead serious. It's okay if you don't want to do it. I suspected that it would be too much for you.” Another decisive blow to that ego of his, which she knew was his biggest weakness.

“What?” He laughed, but she detected some nervousness in it. “'Course it ain't! I toldja I could handle anything, it's just...are ya sure that's somethin' ya wanna try?”

Sally rubbed a hand over her lower stomach, watching his eyes widen as he realized her hand was directly over her bladder. She assumed it was the first time he had noticed the slight bump there. “I'm sure. I've been preparing for this, actually. But if you're afraid to try it, we really don't have to.”

“Dammit, Sally!” he burst out, losing his temper for a moment. He soon realized what he had done and tried to calm himself down. “I'm sorry, but...wouldja quit sayin' shit like that? It's not like I'm scared, it's just...you were right when ya said it was strange. But that doesn't mean I won't do it.”

She could tell by the way his eyes darted to the side that, though he was trying to play it cool, he was incredibly nervous. It was true that what she was asking for was odd; that was why she had worked so hard to set it up in a way that would convince him. She knew that she was asking a lot from him, but she had wanted this for so long and she knew that Eddie was the only man who would let her have it.

“I've been preparing for it,” she said, her tone seductive. Again, she ran a hand along her bladder bulge. “I know you've noticed how much I've been drinking tonight. I'm really full, Eddie.” She bit her lip and squirmed for him, making a show of it.

“Yeah, baby?” His tone was edgy, and his shoulders were tense. She could tell that he wasn't sure where to go with this, but he was trying. “You, uh...you gotta piss?”

She nodded, pouting, her lips pursed in a way that always drove him wild. “Mhmm. I really, really do.” She squirmed for him again, moaning slightly and jamming her hands between her legs.

His cock twitched at the display, and she was delighted to see that he was starting to enjoy this. “So, ya wanna...ya wanna come over here and piss for me?”

He was heading in the wrong direction with this, but she couldn't blame him for that. Instead, she could only try to steer him in the right direction. “I really don't know if I'm going to make it,” she whined. She winked at him, hoping he would take the hint.

“O-oh, well, uh...” If she was not trying so hard to stay in character, she would have laughed at the sight of Eddie getting so flustered. “Ya know, there's another...option for that...”

Now he was starting to pick up on it! A throbbing heat settled between her legs, and she was almost surprised at how close she was just knowing that this was about to actually happen. She rubbed herself slightly, disguising it as further action to help her hold, and she moaned. “What's that?” she asked.

He stared at her, cluelessly, for a moment, and it took as she had not to just tell him what to say. But, no, it wouldn't be any fun if she had just scripted everything. Better to let him try his best and hope he kept in the direction she had lead him to.

Finally, he gestured at himself awkwardly and said, “There's me. I mean...you could, ya know. Use me.” And if she was not so overwhelmed by arousal at that statement, she would definitely would have laughed- character be damned- because he actually blushed at what he had said!

But, as things stood, she was overwhelmed by arousal, and was nearing her orgasm at a rapid rate, all before she had made it to the main event. Normally, that would not be a problem, but she feared that if she came, she would also lose control of her bladder and spoil everything. She had to hold out, at least for now.

“I'd love to,” she replied, using her low, seductive voice again. Eddie was incredibly hard now, and definitely turned on by all of, not just the way she was looking at him and speaking to him. She had hoped she would be able to get him into it, and she was not disappointed.

Again, he looked to her for guidance, and this time she was okay with giving it to him. She gestured for him to lay down on her bed, not minding the mess she would have to clean up. Her husband was away on business and would be the none the wiser. Eddie did as told, laying back stiffly.

Sally climbed on top of him, straddling his chest. She looked down into his icy blue eyes, giving him a warm and reassuring smile. The poor guy was still nervous as hell, but she had faith in him. He had stuck it out this long, and now she was going to get to live out one of her most secret, most arousing fantasies. Eddie was up to the task and she knew it, and all that was left was for her to let go.

And so she did.

She threw back her head and moaned as she released the contents of her bladder, her hot piss rushing out and pooling on his chest. He gave a sharp intake of breath when he felt this, and she heard a soft moan that he seemed surprised by.

Sally came, then and there, while she was still peeing on him, and it was, without a doubt, the best orgasm of her life. She could not contain a few shouts, while her stream continued full force. She had been so incredibly full that she pissed for a full minute, her bladder cramping as it relaxed.

When her bladder was empty and she began to come down from her orgasm, she lowered herself, panting, until she lay on top of Eddie. She could feel his cock throbbing against her, and that got her aroused all over again. Her forehead was pressed against his, their eyes locked, and she smiled at him.

“Jesus Christ, Sally,” he said, after a moment's silence. “That was...wow...” She draped her lips over his, giving him a gentle kiss. When she pulled back, he put a hand around the back of her head and pulled her down into a longer, more passionate kiss.

When their lips finally parted, his typical cocky demeanor had returned, and he was smirking at her. “Toldja I could handle it,” he said.

Sally finally allowed herself to laugh, and re-positioned, so that she was straddling him again, but lower this time. “Oh, shut up and let me fuck you,” was all she said.

A/N: Woomp, there it is. I'm planning on writing a second chapter where she decides to experiment more and turns the tables a bit. Eddie will still be a bit reluctant, especially when he finds out what her new plans are. I'll likely post it separate than this, since it will be male focused. It will involve more desperation and wetting than this one did.

