Ski Trip Accident

Author: zimw00t

*000*2019-05-18 12:31

Here's a short little one-off I did to fulfill a request of someone in the request topic. Didn't spend to much time on it, but hope you enjoy!

Little Kathy Evergreen was more than excited to see snow for the first time in what felt like forever. She’d been skiing once before when her school had visited the nearest resort, but that felt like ages ago. In fact, it was only last year, but to an 11-year-old a year was practically a decade. Her parents had finally relented and decided to allow her special snow day trip, if only because they were just as eager to get a vacation.

Kathy was an excellent skier, thank-you-very-much. She just hadn’t been able to figure out how to go down any big hills yet. Or any hills for that matter. But she had gotten very good at moving around slowly in a pair of skis, and she would have gone down the bunny slope at the end of the last trip had they not run out of time just before she could. She wasn’t glad or anything that she didn’t have to prove to all her friends how good she was at skiing, they should have already known anyway just because of how awesome she was.

Skiing ability aside, Kathy just loved snow. It was so pretty, and it made everything look so bright and cheerful. Take what would be a boring dirt hillside in the summertime and add some snow, and you had a mystical winter wonderland. She couldn’t wait. It hardly snowed where she lived, and they had to drive forever to get to the snow. It was only an hour or so up the road, but to an 11-year-old an hour was practically a whole year. Who had time to wait around for a whole hour in a boring car when there was snow somewhere out there to be skied all over.

And she would go down one of the hills today, no matter what her parents seemed to think. Maybe not one of the big hills, but surely one of the smaller ones. Or at least the bunny slope. Maybe she could work up to the bunny slope. Of course, just wearing skis was fun on its own, wasn’t it? She’d have to decide later.

“C’mon Kathy it’s time to get in the car.” Kathy’s parents had already packed everything they were going to need. They didn’t have any ski equipment of their own, but planned to rent it when they got there. All they had to bring was warm clothes and snacks. Kathy was wearing several layers already in preparation. It was uncomfortable, but she kept telling herself that she didn’t want to be cold, so it was for the best that she stay in those clothes until they got there. Plus it was so many layers that it would take forever to take them all off, just to have to put them on again when they arrived.

As Kathy opened the door to the back seat of the car, her mother reminded her, “Kathy did you use the bathroom before leaving the house? We’re going to be in the car for a while and you might not get another chance before we get there.”

“I already did this morning. Let’s goooooooo.” Kathy was impatient to get going already. She hadn’t actually used the bathroom all morning, but she didn’t feel like she needed to go, so it was probably fine. She could just go when they got there if she needed to. She hoped the drive didn’t take too long.

###

The drive took too long. It was fooooooreeeeeeeveeerrrr. It was a little less boring after they got to where you could see snow on the side of the road around them, but up until that point it was unbearable. She thought she was going to die, but somehow she made it. And her excitement was reaching new levels as they made their way through the lodge to the rental area. A nice lady helped her pick out the right skis, boots, and those sticks you used to stand up. It was a little tricky figuring out how to lock in and out of the skis with the special boots, but she got the hang of it.

She didn’t know how long they spent in there but she couldn’t wait any more, she needed to be out in that snow skiing. It’s like she was born to do nothing else. She had so much confidence in her skiing ability just thinking about how she would tackle those scary hills this time. She got out the door into the chilly air, where she was glad for the many layers she was wearing. Moving around in her skis was awkward, but surely going down hills would be easy. She could do anything if she set her mind to it.

“Kathy, dear, we’re going to go up the lift to the top. You can stay down here for a bit and get comfortable moving around. There’s a hill for kids to try out over there, and a slightly bigger one the other way if you feel up for it. Remember to go inside if you feel tired or thirsty, and remember to take bathroom breaks.” At the mention of bathroom breaks, Kathy remembered she hadn’t had one yet. During the car ride she had started to feel the slight tingle of needing to go. It still wasn’t so bad though. She could definitely hold it a while longer. There was too much skiing to be done to worry about that now.

“She’ll be fine,” Kathy’s dad reassured. “She’s been here before, and there are plenty of workers around to make sure everyone stays safe. We’ll meet back here in a couple hours when you’re ready to get something to eat.” Kathy said goodbye to her parents and headed off toward the smaller of the hills her mom had mentioned.

The hills didn’t seem as scary as they had last time. Without much difficulty she managed to conquer the first one after only the second try, and she only fell down a little bit. It was the bigger hill that was giving her more trouble. It made her a little scared just looking at it. But she could handle it easy, of course. She was an expert skier now, after all.

Somewhere in the back of her mind during all this she realized she really did have to pee badly now. It was only getting worse the longer she waited, but she knew she needed to take on that next hill first. She just had to work up the nerve. But she really needed to go. If she just took a break for a second. No, if she didn’t go on that hill right now she might not be able to later. It had to be now.

She did it! She managed to go down the big hill without stopping or falling once! She was so proud of herself she nearly forgot she needed to get to a bathroom, ASAP. Pressure was building and she was starting to freak out a little bit. She was going to be able to hold it right? She wasn’t a little girl anymore, she had taken on the big hill. She shouldn’t have to worry about little girl things like having accidents in her pants.

Rushing to the lodge she managed to unhook her heavy snow boots from their locks on the skis. It took her a bit longer than it probably should have, and she was fidgeting more than usual due to her building need. Hurry, hurry, kept running through her head. Where were the bathrooms again? She swore she saw them on the way in. Was she going to make it? She had to.

Like a glowing sign from above, she saw a glowing sign above a doorway that read “restrooms” and she nearly sprinted toward it. There was a door for both men and women. She desperately pulled at the handel for the women’s, but to her dismay it didn’t budge. She knocked, quietly at first, but was soon nearly pouding at the door.

“Calm down, I’ll be out in a second,” came a voice from inside. This couldn’t be happening. She’d have to find another bathroom. But where? Could she just use the men’s? She didn’t hesitate long before deciding she didn’t have a choice. She barged into the other door, which thankfully wasn’t locked, and slammed it behind her. She hoped she could be in and out of there before anyone noticed she’d used the boy’s room.

She thought she was safe, but the final obstacle had shown itself: getting out of her ridiculous multi-layered snow clothes. There were so many straps and zippers that she wasn’t sure where to start. She started pulling desperately around the pants but they wouldn’t just slide off. She realized she was going to pee herself. She had tried so hard but she just couldn’t get her snow suit off in time. She was out of time. The floodgates were breaking open. Pee was coming out of her, slowly soaking into her underwear, and into the many layers of fabric above. She let out a sob as she gave up and let the urine run freely. She sat there and cried helplessly on the bathroom floor. She was supposed to be a big girl, but today had been an utter failure.

She was going to be a little girl forever.

