Study session gone awry (A Persona 5 Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-06-22 14:42

A/N: Parts one and two of a four part messing commission! Parts three and four will focus on the aftermath and will be posted once part four is done.

Part 1:

Tonight, the girls will be gathering without Ren present, using his attic space to study while he’s out and about. None of them were able to host the study session at their own houses, so Ren offered that up, allowing Ann, Makoto, Futaba, Haru, and Sumire to claim that space instead.

Since it is fresh after school, most of the girls are still wearing their uniforms, rather than bothering to change into anything else. Ann is dressed in her usual short uniform skirt, a sporty shirt over it, long enough that one can barely tell there’s a skirt on underneath. Above that, she wears the school’s jacket, and she has red leggings on under her skirt, with tall black socks and her school shoes.

Makoto is dressed impeccably as always in her uniform, her plaid skirt the appropriate length, with black tights underneath. The black shoes she wears are sharp and dressy, and she wears a long sleeve blouse on top, with a neat vest on as well. As for Sumire, she wears their uniform perfectly, the jacket on over her blouse, and, though her skirt is on the shorter side, she has black tights underneath as well, with shoes that are as bright red as her hair.

Haru’s skirt is as short as Ann’s, and every bit as covered. Though she is wearing her proper school uniform, the fact that her skirt is so short, and the fact that she wears a fluffy, pink jacket that is about as long, makes her look a lot less official. Her tights are white with polka dots on them, adding to the overall cute factor that seems to make up the majority of her fashion sense. Futaba is the only one not in uniform at all, dressed in her usual casual attire, with black shorts, a white sleeveless shirt, a jacket that hangs down on her arms, and thigh high socks with boots that reach her knees.

All in the all, they make for an eclectic bunch based on appearance alone, and even if all three were wearing the same thing, their varying hairstyles and colors, as well as differing body types, would be more than enough to make each girl stand out in the group. In a crowd, each would stand out on beauty alone, and if anyone could see this gathering, they would wonder how the hell Ren got them all to come over. And why he would invite them over just to go somewhere else, rather than take the time to bask in all of this beauty.

When the five of them arrive, Ren is waiting for them, in front of a fresh pot of curry.

“I’ll be helping Sojiro do some deep cleaning around his house,” he says, “so make yourselves at home. And I made you guys some dinner, too!”

The girls thank him, as always impressed by how thoughtful he is, and all of them are eager to dig into the meal that he has prepared for them. However, while they are taking their time to get their shoes off, and while Ren is pushing past them to head out the door, something unexpected happens.

Morgana is walking around on top of a cabinet, just above the pot of curry. The cat is not really paying attention, and either way, would not expect to find anything sitting up here. But there's a strange medicine bottle of some sort, and the clumsy cat does not notice it until it's too late. He walks right into it, and, not knowing what it is, knocks it right off the shelf. All he can do is watch in horror as it falls down, the loosened lid plummeting faster, until both it and the bottle are plopping right into the pot of curry.

Morgana immediately realizes that he has made a big mistake, but no one seems to have noticed. No one heard the bottle fall in, and the girls are still distracted, while Ren is heading out. Though he knows he should probably say something, he doesn't want to get in trouble either. Instead, he quietly jumps down, scrambling to fish the bottle out of the pot, not able to search fr the lid before he has to jump away, and play innocent.

Ren has already gone out, and the girls have not seen any of this. By the time they are all gathered around, Morgana is in a corner, hiding the mysterious bottle behind his back. The girls begin to dish out their food, and he waits until they aren't looking again to finally examine the bottle of medicine, wondering just what it is that he spilled in the curry.

Unfortunately for him, and the girls, it's a potent laxative. He doesn't know why it was up there on the shelf, or why the cap was loosened, but the bottle was completely emptied into their food, and they have already started digging in. It would be too late to say something either way, so Morgana decides not to, letting the girls eat. Since they have no idea it's been tainted, and it's delicious curry, they eat the whole thing without a second thought.

By the time they finish their food, the girls are full and satisfied, and ready to get down to studying. They have no idea that anything has happened, and Morgana is not going to interrupt their study session. All he can do is watch it go down, and hope that somehow the laxative does not work, even though he has no reason to believe that it won’t. Still, as long as he keeps quiet, the blame does not have to go to him, and no matter how guilty he may feel, he just can’t bring himself to speak up.

For now, Ann, Makoto, Futaba, Haru, and Sumire don’t feel anything amiss. However, it won’t be long before all of that starts to change, and quickly. They have no idea just what lies in store for them tonight.

Part Two:

It really does not take all that long for such a large amount of such a potent laxative to take effect. Each of the girls is soon dealing with their own discomfort, as their stomachs begin to churn, rapidly processing the amount of curry that they have each had to eat. With the way things are turning out, this is nothing less than a recipe for disaster, and one that each of them is already too caught up in to be able to escape from.

Ann can tell that there is something off about the way that she feels, but since she has just sat down to start studying, she tries to push that out of her mind, not realizing just how risky that decision is. She has no idea that she is going to be pushing herself to her limit far faster than ever before, that she has no choice but to soon give into everything that her body demands of her.

As for Makoto, the discomfort that she feels is not at all surprising. She knows her stomach has been acting up a little bit ever since the study session first started, but she figures it is just something like an upset stomach. She does not know that the curry has been tainted, or that the laxative that has been emptied into the pot is what has caused her stomach to feel this way, and she has no reason to think anything bad is about to happen.

Futaba is already feeling a bit queasy when she sits down. She doesn't know if it's because she was too active after school, or if she's catching a bug, but she doesn't think much of it. The food smells amazing, and she is quick to forget about that, thinking that perhaps all she needs is a little snack, a nice distraction from the studying that she is going to have to get to soon enough.

Haru is very concerned about the way that she is starting to feel, but she has no reason to believe it is due to anything in the curry. She has eaten Ren's cooking before, and she trusts him completely. That is why, even as she has a very uncomfortable feeling in her stomach, and a growing pressure within her, she has no reason to think this is anything other than her own fault. Haru thinks that, since she ate the curry rather quickly, perhaps that is what has caused her discomfort.

Even Sumire begins to feel a bit off, but she does not have time to process that feeling for long before she is completely overwhelmed with a sharp and sudden stomach cramp. All she can do is drop her pencil and clutch her belly, a moan escaping her as the pressure builds, and the urge hits her so fast that she has no time to process anything other than the fact that she is absolutely desperate, and she can already feel the dampness in her panties, knowing that she has lost control.

She is not the only one who loses control, however. All of the girls are soon in the same position, with stomach aches that overwhelm them. That is the only reason no one notices Sumire's dramatic response- because each and every one of them are briefly distracted by it, before each tries to hide it immediately, the panic so great that that is all they can think to do.

After all, not one of them is able to make a mad dash to the bathroom, not at this point. The battle is over before it has even begun, the sharp stomach cramps not letting up until each girl has already and swiftly lost control of her bowels, and begun messing herself, right there in the middle of their group study session. Ann is sitting on the floor with her legs crisscrossed, leaned back just enough that, when her waste begins to escape her, there isn't much resistance before it begins to fill her underwear. Even then, there is enough that it begins to pool out between her legs, staining her leggings. The smell is not too bad yet, the mess itself still warm and not having had enough time to settle, but Ann can already tell that this is going to be a problem.

Her leggings are already soaked, and, while the stains on her skirt aren't terribly noticeable yet, it's not going to take long before they are, and it goes without saying that her underwear is already ruined. The load is very soft beneath her, feeling like thick oatmeal, and she can feel it seeping into the back of her skirt, the bottom hem of the fabric absorbing a fair amount, which is not going to bode well for trying to keep this hidden. Still, she just tries to keep quiet about it, and hopes that no one notices, because that is all that she can think to do, with the panic that has set in.

Little does she realize, she is far from the only one in the room suffering such a sudden loss of control. In fact, no one is making it through the night clean- hell, none of them are making it through the next five minutes clean. After all, it isn't just Ann that gets hit with such a sudden and intense stomach cramp that there is no stopping what happens next.

When Makoto loses control of her bowels, the damage done is every bit as bad. It's still a fairly soft load, but firm enough that it creates a bulge in her tights, which would make the mess that much more obvious, if she were to stand up right now. Even the way she is laying stomach down on the floor, propped up by her elbows, it might be visible. It is not just that, either; there is enough force to cause a stain, a darker area visible on her skirt as it spreads out, the thin fabric becoming translucent. There is no saving the seat of her tights, or her underwear. The mess is already beginning to leak through, and even though she can keep her composure, and her voice, she can do nothing about the growing stain on her clothing.

Her stomach hurts so terribly, and there is nothing that she can do to stop her accident after it has begun. Her stomach gurgles loud, and she can't help but groan softly, and yet she knows that she has to keep her composure, and do her best to pretend like nothing is happening, despite how terrible she feels. Really, it would be quite obvious, but once again, since everyone else is so distracted, she is able to get away with it. Normally, though, she would have been found out by now.

Because of that, it makes it all the more difficult to handle. She might have a chance to not be caught, but she has no idea what to do, and can hardly focus when she is feeling this sick.

Futaba can feel her stomach lurch just before she loses control, and right from the start, she knows there's nothing she can do to hold back any of this. She can't believe this is happening to her. Even as her bowels empty themselves into her panties, she can't believe it, and yet she can't do a damn thing about it. Her body has completely betrayed her, and her underwear is no doubt ruined by the mess. It is soft and warm, feeling like a growing spread beneath her where she sits on the floor, and the worst part is, there is a lot of it, and it fills her panties quickly.

It feels like it will never end, as her stomach continues to protest whatever it is that she has done to make it this sick. Futaba moans softly, trying to hold it all in, and yet she can feel her panties becoming full, the mess only becoming thicker as it grows. She is mortified, and can't believe this is happening, but there is no changing it. Once her stomach has started to calm down, the reality of her situation only becomes that much more clear to her. What is she going to do?!

Haru is not able to keep control either, and when her bowels give in, the mess is about as thick as a soft clay. The sudden volume of it ensures that that her underwear can't handle it, and some of it leaks out, pushing down her thighs, and soaking into her tights. It is a warm, thick, wet mess, and it fills her panties so fast, yet feels as though it is never going to end. Since she is propped up on her side, it can move down with ease. She is mortified, and yet does not want to cause a scene by trying to run off to the bathroom.

After all, the others are already busy with studying, and she can't interrupt them over something like this, not when it is her own fault. But, even still, the mess is growing, and soon she will not be able to hide it, no matter how hard she tries. The growing stain on her skirt is sure to give her away if she stands up.

Well, it at least appears to her that the others are busy studying, but that is only because her own situation keeps her from realizing they are far more focused on their own stomach troubles. No one is getting much studying done, and everyone is feeling a similar sort of panic right now. Just like all the others, Sumire is unfortunately a victim as well, and is equally unable to control her bowels.

She can feel the pressure building, and is not able to do anything about it, but as soon as she lets go, and her underwear is flooded, the relief is overwhelming. Of course, she can feel the heat of her own mess, can smell it, and the knowledge that she is helpless to stop this only adds to her humiliation. It is an absolute nightmare, the sort of thing she never would have imagined happening. Pooping her pants, at her age? And while studying with her friends, no less.

All she wants to do is disappear, the overwhelming relief not enough to outweigh the humiliation. And she knows that the humiliation will only get worse once she is caught, but as long as she is going, there is no holding it back. And, since she is sitting on her legs, she is sure that she will make a visible mess of the back of them as well, as if things couldn’t get worse.

All five girls can only wonder how long they can last like this, when each is sure that their own stench will be too obvious to ignore. With that in mind, there is no way to tell that there are smells coming from the others, and now that the messes have been made, each one has decisions to make. Though it seems like an impossible situation, there is not one of them who isn't willing to at least try and cover this up.

Morgana still has not gotten up the courage to face them, not realizing that the laxative has already worked its potent magic on them. He knows he will have to approach them soon, but for now, he still hopes he can get away with what he has done.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

*001*2024-06-27 22:32

Part 3:

At this point, not a single one of them wants to leave the room, even though each would give anything for a chance to escape. There really does not seem to be any way to make a break for the bathroom without calling attention to the situation. Even if any of them had the chance to shuffle backwards out of the room, without showing the backside of their clothing, that alone would probably be enough of a tip off, considering the smell in the room.

It still feels like a lucky break to each of them that no one has mentioned that smell, even if they can’t understand why it wouldn’t have been brought up. That extra bit of tension, the worry that someone will bring it up, just leaves each girl that much more nervous about what might happen. If they are called out, they know it is going to be humiliating. They will have to come clean, and there is no telling how they will be looked at afterward, or how much they will be made fun of, or if they will be able to continue hanging out together.

The longer that goes on without anyone mentioning the smell, the more certain the girls are that the scent has not been caught. After all, why else would no one say anything? Surely if anyone had noticed, then it would be brought up, right?

I really need to get out of here, Makoto thinks to herself, as if she has any chance of pulling something like that off. Oh, what am I going to do? It's so warm...it's leaking out, and staining my skirt...I'll have to throw all of this away, but how do I leave without being noticed?

How is this happening? Why is this happening? All Makoto can do is ask herself questions, as if the answers are going to make anything better. The only answer she has is that it is her own fault, and yet, no matter how many times she berates herself, she can't change what has already happened. Not only that, but despite acknowledging that it must be her fault, no matter how many times she walks herself through what happened, she still can't make sense of what actually happened.

That can wait until later, however. Right now, she needs to focus on getting out of here without causing a scene. If I can just sneak out, and not disturb anyone, then no one has to know, she tells herself, even though the thought is ridiculous. Even if she can make it to the door without drawing any attention, which would be a miracle, the smell would linger. No matter how she turns it over in her mind, she just can't come up with a way to save this situation for herself. She is the sort who needs to plan her way through things, but there is no plan here.

But she is not the only one panicking, as Ann tries to come up with some way to distract her friends enough to slip away. Maybe, if she can start a conversation that is interesting enough, it might get everyone talking so seriously that she can slip away, unnoticed. First, she has to actually think of a topic, though. Something that everyone will get so involved in talking about that they won't notice the fact that she is gone, and the smell of the mess in her clothes is lingering, or the sound of her in the bathroom, or any of the other things that would surely give her away.

If I can get the topic of conversation away from the study session, and get everyone talking, maybe then I can get away without being noticed, Ann tells herself, knowing that it is not a very realistic hope, but not having anything else that she can hope for. Anything is better than sitting here, covered in her own filth. And so, she struggles to think of something to say.

I can't believe this is happening, Haru thinks, trying not to panic, as if staying calm will somehow reverse everything that has happened. She can feel her underwear sticking to her, and wants so badly to get clean. But, if she just hops up, everyone is going to know that she pooped herself, which is far too mortifying for a proper, demure girl like her.

I need to get away, I need to hide this, she thinks, even though she is not sure how that would even be possible. I need a distraction...I need a good excuse...if only I can get away from them, I can clean up, and no one will have to know. She repeats these thoughts over and over again, hoping that if she keeps at it, then she will eventually be able to think of a solution.

Futaba hopes that no one has noticed how quiet she has gotten. She tends to over think in situations like this, and so the only option is to stay silent, and hope that no one notices the state she is in. She can't help but over analyze everything that is happening, and all the ways she can fail at hiding this. She is terrified of what her friends will think of her, once they figure out the embarrassing accident she has had.

I have to do something, she thinks. But what? This is bad...this is really, really bad! Why does this have to happen now, with everyone here with me? If only she had been alone when it happened, like she so often used to be, then at least she could keep her burning humiliation to herself. But no, the situation is not so easy for her, and she can't even begin to think of how she might get out of this.

And I have to get out of this. I have to hide it. It's gonna be be so obvious, and the smell is just gonna get worse, and everyone will know! Is there anything I can do to get out of this without them knowing? Is there anything at all that can save me? She tries and tries, but the only answer is no.

"So," Ann suddenly speaks up, still trying her best to come up with something to get everyone talking. "How have things been going for you, Sumire?"

Sumire is startled to be put on the spot, when she has also been agonizing over the situation with her mess. However, since the others have not noticed, it is her chance to play it off, and maybe, just maybe, get away. "Oh, things are going fine!" she says. "I guess I haven't been doing a whole lot lately, though."

"Really? That's too bad. What have you been doing lately?" Ann asks.

"I haven't been doing a lot of anything. Just studying, you know," Sumire mumbles, still hoping she can direct attention away from her. Even though it definitely does not seem like Ann is doing this because she suspects anything, she still does not want anyone paying attention to her for too long. Otherwise, they might start to notice the scent coming from her, or even just how uncomfortable she is.

"Yeah, me too," Ann agrees, and Sumire feels relieved. Turning her attention to another girl, Ann asks, "Are you doing okay, Makoto?"

"Yes, I'm fine," Makoto says, sounding surprisingly calm. Of course, inside, she is absolutely panicking, wondering how it is possible for her to hold it together in a situation like this. Naturally, she worries that Ann is asking her this because she is onto her, even though that isn't true.

"Good, good," Ann says, hoping to lead the conversation somewhere else. "I mean, you've been busy with the student council, right?"

"Ah, yeah, I've had a lot of work to do, but nothing I can't handle," Makoto replies.

"Wow, sounds like a lot. It's pretty admirable, how you're able to juggle everything you do, you know," Ann tells her.

"I've just been lucky. It's really nothing, I'm just trying my best," Makoto insists. She's really starting to sweat, with all eyes on her, so she tries to turn the attention of the conversation to Haru. "And you, Haru? How are things going with you?"

"Things are going just fine for me, thanks for asking," Haru says, and she struggles to keep her voice steady, hoping that no one notices the way that she is blushing right now. Of course, the truth is that the mess has continued to spread, and has grown thicker as her bowels have finished emptying. Now, she is feeling the discomfort of wearing a full pair of dirty panties, and has to wonder if it is possible for her to ever escape this.

"That's good to hear," Makoto says. She tries to smile, but is too nervous, still feeling as though there is too much attention on her. "How about you, Futaba? Have you been up to anything interesting?"

"Huh? Oh, um, I guess so..." Futaba says, surprised that Haru is suddenly asking her a question. "I mean, I don't do a lot, really, I just game, and stuff." It is such dry and stilted, awkward conversation, when the girls never typically struggle like this. It all feels unnatural, but what else can they do, when each of them has something far more serious on their minds?

"Well, it's not much different for me, either, except I've been working," Ann says, trying not to feel defeated. There's no way she can keep this up, is there?

"I don't think any of us have been doing anything particularly interesting," Makoto adds. She is just glad that the focus has shifted off of her, at least for the moment.

"Oh, come on, that can't be true," Haru insists.

"Well, I'd be happy to hear any interesting stories that you have to share," she replies, mentally pleading with Haru to steal enough attention that she can slip away.

"Ah, I'm not sure that I have any..." Haru murmurs. She is just as panicked as the rest of them, and so she has not thought of anything to share. She is just trying to think of what the others might say, in order to contribute to the conversation. "What about you, Sumire? You must have some fun stories."

"I guess so," Sumire agrees, though she has not thought of a single thing to say. She doesn't want to be the center of attention more than anyone else does. In fact, it is only her desire to hide her accident, and her fear that if she remains quiet, the others might start to suspect something, that makes her speak up at all.

"I'd love to hear them!" Haru says.

"Uh, well..." Sumire trails off, but nothing comes to mind. During this point, Futaba starts to try and make a move, but that is all Sumire needs to turn the attention away from herself. "Oh, hey, are you doing okay, Futaba?"

"Huh?" Futaba asks.

"You look a little bit uncomfortable, I'm just wondering if everything is okay," Sumire says, hoping she has not given anything away by calling attention to Futaba's movements.

"Yeah, I'm fine," Futaba lies. "I was just getting comfortable again." She shifts how she sits, trying not to wince at how this feels, and praying it does not cause anyone to notice the smell is coming from her. Her attempt to escape has failed so miserably that she has already given up once again.

As for the other girls, their attempts to pass attention around, and inability to actually focus on conversation, have left them each feeling discouraged as well. There is nothing they can do to get away, and no one can think of anything interesting enough to say to keep the attention off of them. It's impossible, it's hopeless.

Each girl has to try and come to terms with the fact that she is going to have to admit to what has happened, but, before any can get up the nerve, Morgana finally decides to check on them. He has been so wracked with guilt and nerves already that he has just wanted to avoid them, but now, he really needs to see what is going on with the girls who ate the curry that he accidentally tainted.

Part 4:

The first thing that Morgana notices is the scent in the room, one that is absolutely impossible to ignore. He feels dread setting in, when he realizes that it is already too late. He had been worried that they would be spending the evening fighting over the bathroom, but now, it seems that something far worse has happened to at least one of them.

He slinks into the room, while the girls continue making awkward conversation, and it does not take long for him to notice the bulging in Ann’s leggings. Morgana’s heart sinks, his guilt growing all the more. It’s clear that she has had quite the sizable accident sitting here, and is nervous and trying to hide it. All because of him, even if he didn’t mean to, and what’s worse is he knows it can’t just be her.

None of the girls seem particularly comfortable right now, and, knowing it’s been probably over an hour or so since they ate, he can’t imagine any of them would have been able to hold it. So now, it seems all of them are trying to hide what has happened, likely confused, none of them realizing that it isn’t their fault that they have soiled themselves.

“Um, girls?” he speaks up. Even though he could make it out of this without admitting to what he has done, he would not be able to live with the guilt. “I need to tell you guys something.”

With a sigh, he explains, "I didn't mean for this to happen, but the truth is, there was something in the curry I gave you. I was walking along the counter, and accidentally added something...something that I wasn't supposed to add."

"What do you mean, something you weren't supposed to add?" Ann asks, glaring at him.

"Well, I knocked over a bottle, and it fell in," Morgana confesses. "It was…well it was a laxative."

"You did this to us?" Sumire asks, horrified.

"It wasn't on purpose!" Morgana insists.

"So, you poisoned us, and then, you hid that you poisoned us," Makoto says, shaking her head. "Do you have any idea what you did to me?"

"Wait, I don't-" He's trying to cover for himself, but while he is trying to cover that up, the girls are so angry that they continue to out the fact that they have lost control, each of them so angry that they can't hold that back.

"I've been sitting in my own mess, all this time," Ann shouts.

"My panties are absolutely ruined!" Haru cries.

"I can't believe this...it's all because of a laxative?!" Futaba moans.

"It's not that bad, girls, please," Morgana pleads. "Just calm down, and I'll explain."

"I don't care about your excuses! This is terrible, and it's all your fault," Sumire shouts.

"I'm sorry!" he insists.

"No! This is all your fault!" Futaba shouts.

It is only now that each girl realizes that she has completely and openly admitted to her accident, so each is briefly quite embarrassed, falling quiet again. Then, Makoto is the first to break the silence, saying, "I can't believe I went all this time not realizing it was a laxative."

"Me neither. I just thought we were unlucky," Haru mumbles, looking down at her feet.

"And I couldn't tell that something was wrong with the curry," Ann sighs.

It doesn't take long, however, for the girls to figure out exactly where they want to direct their anger. After all, it is all thanks to Morgana that this is happened, as well as thanks to Morgana that things have gone as long as they have.

"It's all your fault!" Futaba says, glaring down at Morgana, and, one by one, the others join in.

"That's right! If you hadn't messed up the curry, then we wouldn't have been stuck like that!"

Needless to say, the five of them put him through the wringer, making sure that he properly pays for everything that he has done. A slap fight is inevitable, and he simply has to deal.

###

Once Morgana has been dealt with, the issue of cleanup is brought up. Though there is a small bathroom here, one that would have been quite useful when the five of them were desperate, since none had a chance to make it on time, it really does not offer them the chance they need to get properly cleaned. It takes a bit for them to decide what to do, but in the end, it seems like calling Ren is their best bet. After all, he will probably return soon as is, and if anyone can help them out, he can.

It is certainly embarrassing to explain what has happened to him, but he is understanding, especially considering it is the fault of a certain cat that any of this happened to begin with. At the very least, Ren is understanding f what has happened to them, and manages to explain things to Sojiro in the least embarrassing way possible. Nothing can spare the girls from complete embarrassment, but it is great that all of them have someone that they can rely on to make sure that they can get all of this sorted out.

He does have to inform Sojiro of what has happened, but Futaba’s adoptive father is every bit as decent as Ren is. The two of them are all too willing to assist the girls, knowing that they have been hit by a laxative that they have no control against, and, at least with his help, they have somewhere to clean up.

With Ren and Sojiro walking them down the street, in an almost protective manner, the five of them can handle things. Once they are in Futaba’s home, then they have full access to the bathroom, including the shower, and th girls are able to get cleaned up. Not only that, but they are able to put their clothing in the laundry, with a promise of Futaba returning it the next day. Though her clothes are far from a perfect fit for some of them, the fact that they have anything to wear home is enough, and that is all that they need.

Needless to say, the girls hope this never happens to them again.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

