Princess’s Breakfast in Bed (1st and 2nd person POV) - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Zero_4793

*000*2021-03-19 03:43

You stir in your silk sheets. Stretching and twisting, in denial of the sunlit room and of your aching bladder. Five more minutes you tell yourself again and again. But the rays of warmth crawl up your body, inching towards your eyes. Your body waves with pleasure as you strain to hold onto your bladder. Your nose twitches at the smell of a delicious breakfast being prepared by your daddy. You feel your stomach grumble. You’re hungry, you’re desperate to pee, but you’re oh so comfy. If only you could just stay in bed and have all your needs satiated.

Just as you work up the energy to sit up you hear your door creek open. You can’t help but instinctively smile at me as I enter your room. Then you see a tray in my hands, your breakfast. I walk over to you as you sit up and wedge a pillow behind you.

“Morning princess” I chime as I lay the tray on your lap and sit on the bed beside you.

“Morning Daddy!” you chime back. Your wide smile fades as you realise you are somewhat trapped, with the tray on your lap, me on top of your sheets beside you, and the expectation that you will eat your meal like a good girl. You sit looking at it nervously.

“What’s wrong baby? I thought you liked bacon and eggs”

“I do!” you chime back cutely “-b,but… I have to”

“You don’t have to do anything sweety, just eat”

You look at me with puppy dog eyes, “I really have to potty daddy”

“aww, that’s ok dear, just eat” I say as I wrap my arm around your shoulders.

You look at me confused as thoughts run through your mind, and shivers down your spine. You slowly begin to eat, but it’s difficult as your squirm, you’re almost leaking. “Daddy please, I really need to potty…”

I turn to you, laying my other hand on your tummy, I kiss your cheek. “Go potty then, it’s ok”

Your eyes go wide as you turn to me “Wha! Here? I-in bed…”

“Yes princess. I want you to relax and enjoy yourself today”

“Bu-but the mess”

“Let daddy worry about that stuff, you just enjoy yourself”

You turn back to your food. Shivers once again run down your spine; your hair stands on end. You’ve never wet the bed before, well, once in a diaper during your sleep last year, but this is different. Awake, without protection, with permission, as daddy watches. Goosebumps all over, you close your eyes and try to relax. It’s difficult, but eventually a few squirts leave and dampen your pj’s. You doubt even the sheets are wet yet.

You open your eyes to my hand guiding your face towards mine. “Just enjoy your breaky sweety, let your body take control, you’ll go potty when you’re ready.”

You smile at me “Oki daddy” then turn back to your tray and begin eating your scrumptious breakfast.

Once you stop thinking about it, and just eat, you notice your next leak, it was bigger this time, the sheets are surely wet now. You giggle in excitement and arousal. You look at me cheekily, I just smile back and cuddle you reassuringly. You continue to eat and relax, soon your leaks begin to pick up, so, you put down your fork and sigh as you finally give in. Blushing profusely as you carelessly drench your sheets. You smile giddily at me as you giggle. You notice me rub my hand down my leg, the puddle has reached me, but your only halfway done. You shiver and temporarily halt, but quickly continue, almost moaning now. Your legs and bum are soaked, daddies wet, and you’re still going. You pick your fork back up and continue to eat as you let the rest out nonchalantly, despite your goosebumps and moans between mouthfuls.

As you finally finish, leaning against my warm side, you notice just how big your breaky is. You wiggle in your puddle as you continue eating, but your pace slows as you fill up, now even noticing your other end asking to be emptied. You stop eating as you reposition, feeling the pressure building.

I look at you “Pumpkin, why have you stopped? You still have more to eat”

“There’s so much, I’m kinda full daddy”

“I know princess, but please eat it all”

“Buh, but I have to go pushies” you respond meekly

“What have I told you, if you gotta potty, go potty. Just relax and enjoy your breaky”

Your eyes widen and you smile at me. You excitedly wiggle your but back, and lean forwards more. Your body covers in goosebumps and you leak a little pee as you let yourself turtleneck. You then shiver and moan as you pull back, holding it in.

I caress and rub your back as I smooch your cheek. You give me a quick kiss before continuing to eat, continuing to turtleneck, getting closer and closer to giving in. The edging and denial of relief arousing you greatly.

Eventually you moan with a mouthful of food as your first log pushes its way out, filling your cotton pyjama pants on top of your silky sheets. I continue to comfort and caress you as you continue to fill your pants.

Once you finish eating, you down the rest of your juice and playfully swirl your fork in your mouth looking over at me loodly. I take the tray off of you and place it on the bedside table. I sensually take the fork out of your mouth and place it on the tray.

You peer at my tenting crotch and lean forwards. You give me a lood glance before grunting and pushing out your second load. You then sit back, wiggling and squishing the mess in your pants. With a finger in your mouth, a hand between your legs, and puppy dog eyes aimed towards me, you cutely request “Daddy, can I have touchies?”

I smile at you and move your hand away from your privates. I lean in and kiss you. “Yes princess, I will touch you” I smirk as I move my hand to the front of your soaked pants.

You lean back into your mess as you let me slip my hand down your pants and begin my magic on your pussy.

