Pushing (A Red vs Blue Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2017-12-04 21:19

A/N: A commission I wrote for a friend of mine. It goes a little bit longer than this, but I cut out the actual lewdies bits.

There are so many things for Washington to adjust to, so many things that are difficult about this new life for him. The training is rough, but that was to be expected, and he’s not one to let himself look so weak, or to admit that sometimes it’s difficult for him to keep up. That being said, that’s entirely true, and there are so many situations that he never would have expected to cause him problems, and there are so many times when he’s made to feel every bit as weak as he never wanted to admit he is.

The most unexpected, yet biggest problem, that he faces from the beginning, is the strength of his bladder.

Admittedly, he’s had his...problems before, but those were almost exclusively at night, and, as far as he knows, that’s not that abnormal. Sure, it made growing up hell since he couldn’t exactly spend the night with anyone, but, for the most part, he’s over that, and what few instances occur...well, that’s not a big deal, nothing he can’t handle and cover up before anyone else finds out.

But during training, when he absolutely doesn’t want to try to take a break for any reason, the strength of his bladder becomes a very important factor. There are even times when taking a break isn’t an option, and so often, he finds himself pushed to his absolute limit, so full he can hardly walk, let alone not tip anyone off to the state he’s in. The fact that he’s never been called out is something that he considers a blessing.

~X~

Training with North isn’t too bad, Wash thinks. The two of them get along well, and he’s not too harsh on him, and he’s sure that if it ever got to a point where he really needed to take a break, he could, without being pestered about it. Of course, that doesn’t change the fact that he still isn’t willing to do something like that.

Still, it’s nice to have somebody he can be more at ease around, and he values the time they spend together. It’s during such a time that he first feels a twinge in his bladder that he does his best to ignore. By now, Wash is always doing what he can to ignore those sensations, even when they get past unbearable. Today is no different, and he focuses on the task at hand, pushing his needs to the back of his mind.

They spar for a few hours, trying out different things, and all the while, Wash tries to ignore any signs that he needs to take a break to go piss. It gets to a point where each movement feels like it’s putting further pressure on his bladder, and ignoring it completely is absolutely impossible. Each sharp throb tells him that he’s well past the point where he should have excused himself, but he forces himself to keep holding on. As long as North can’t tell that there’s anything wrong, then he’s just fine, he tells himself.

It’s far from the first time he’s found himself doing all he can to maintain his composure and conceal his needs from one of his comrades, but that doesn’t make it any easier, especially when they take a brief water break. Now would be the perfect time to excuse himself, as he wouldn’t even have to make any real excuses, but he’s sure that it’ll be obvious either way and, like an idiot, he decides to keep it to himself.

And, like an idiot, he drinks alongside North and just makes the problem worse.

By the time they return to sparring, he feels like he’s absolutely going to burst, and even so, he keeps it to himself and keeps pushing himself a little bit further. His bladder aches so much now that he keeps his teeth grit, and can hardly focus on anything other than clenching his muscles and doing everything he can to keep from pissing himself in front of one of his superiors.

“You keeping up alright?” North asks suddenly, and he nearly jumps out of his skin, freezing for a moment. He wonders if North has already seen right through him, and he squeezes his thighs together- or, he tries to, but it’s difficult like this- without even realizing that he’s doing it.

“Yeah, of course!” he says, a bit more defensively than he intended. Because that’s the way to keep him from getting suspicious, of course.

“I didn’t mean anything by it.” Now, North sounds a little hurt, which makes Wash feel bad on top of everything else. “Listen, I know you’ve been pushing yourself really hard lately, and I just wanted to let you know that-”

“You really don’t have to worry about me,” he interrupts, not really sure what to make of all of this. Things are getting suddenly very serious, and he has way too much on his mind to worry about bonding, or whatever this is.

“What’s wrong with me worrying about one of my friends?” asks North, and even though his face is covered, Wash can practically see the easy smile on his face. A smile he kind of likes, but, holy shit, why is he even thinking about that right now? Or at all?

“Let’s just get back to it,” he mumbles, but he’s gone so stiff in their time still, and he wonders if he’s even going to be able to get back to it.

“If that’s what you want, but seriously, any time is anything is bothering you...you can at least tell me about it, alright?”

Shit, shit, shit, he thinks, I’m really not okay, am I?

Just standing around, talking and not doing anything else to distract himself has only made things worse, and now, the first step he takes causes such a sharp pang to shoot through his lower abdomen that he hisses, and nearly doubles over before he catches himself. He’s going to leak, he just knows it, and, dignity be damned, he has to excuse himself before he completely humiliates himself.

“On second thought, can we...can I…” Come on, spit it out, he tells himself, and he can’t believe that even now he can’t bring himself to just come out and say it, while he’s trembling and aching, and barely able to hold it in at all.

“Huh? What is it?” Now, he knows that North is staring directly at him, most likely with concern, and that just makes it all the worse. He can’t stop shaking and he can hardly breathe, and it’s going to be obvious now just how pathetic he is, and, oh fuck, there’s no way he’s going to make it now-

“I need to…” He can’t say it, he really can’t say it, and now he’s doubled over and North is coming closer, and he wants to tell him to go, to get away before he...before he…

“Oh, do you have to-?” The question hangs in the air, answered before it’s finished, as Wash falls to his knees and his bladder gives out on him. North stands right there in front of him, and even though his armor does a good job of hiding any visual evidence, Wash knows that his behavior has made it plenty obvious, and, if he were going to piss himself, he would have been better off not saying anything and doing it, because at least then he might have been able to get away with it.

“Shit,” he mutters, staring at the ground, feeling tears welling up. Even as it empties, his bladder still aches terribly, and the warm piss fills every crevice of his armor and he knows damn well that walking around like this is going to be so uncomfortable, and cleaning it is going to be a bitch.

The ache remains long after he’s completely empty, and the silence in the room is nearly deafening. He won’t look up, but he knows North is still there, staring at him, and any moment now, he’s going to have to say something, most likely to make fun of him. Like hell he is ever going to be able to live this one down, not once North tells everyone what happened, and he’s sure that the other man will.

But when he finally breaks the silence, all he says is, “Feel better?” in a soft voice, without any traces of mocking.

“I guess,” he mutters. “Not really, since I...you know. Did that.”

“I get why you didn’t say anything,” says North, and, though he wants to doubt him, it really sounds like he does understand. “But you shouldn’t push yourself that hard in training. I know there might be some who disagree with me, but it is just training. I can understand wanting to push your limits, but once you’re at your limit...I dunno, it’s okay if you want to stop.”

This is, more than likely, the most humiliating thing that Wash has ever experienced, and yet, there’s something else. He can’t quite explain what, just something. It could be caused by the concern North shows him, that feels out of place, or it could be something to do with the humiliation, or a combination of both? It’s hardly the right time to try to figure out what on earth he’s feeling, but the feelings are still there, pooling in the pit of his stomach until he realizes, to his horror, that he’s actually turned on by some part of this.

“Here,” says North, reaching a hand down to help him up. Wash hesitantly takes it, and lets North pull him to his feet. “Do you want some help? I mean, getting cleaned up and everything is gonna be kind of difficult.”

“That...that really isn’t necessary,” he mumbles. He knows that North is just being nice, and that it’s probably rude to turn him down when he’s just trying to help, but now he’s got another problem entirely to deal with, and he’s not so sure North will be able to handle that one so casually and helpfully.

Wait, do I want him to help me out with that?!

“Come on, I insist.” North pulls off his helmet then, giving Wash a smile that causes a fresh twinge in his stomach. Well, he supposes that answers that question, which is all the more reason not to let him help, and yet…

And yet he finds himself saying, “Alright,” before he can stop himself.

