A terrible mistake (A My Hero Academia Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-11 22:03

Tenya has made a terrible mistake, but at the time, he really did not know what a mistake it was. After all, training in class usually means the same thing: he needs to be able to use his Quirk to the best of his ability, needs to be able to go fast and push himself to his limit. So, it stands to reason that he decided to drink down as much orange juice as possible, to be ready for anything.

There was no way that he could have known ahead of time that he would end up sitting out for the whole exercise, while the liquid that he had to drink is processed by his body, not as fuel, but just as standard waste. After drinking so much, and not being able to use it the way it was supposed to be used, he knew right away that he was going to end up in a situation like this.

And now, here he is, sitting in class with his bladder filling more by the moment, while he is not sure just how much he is going to be able to handle this. Tenya already has to pee quite badly, and it will be a long time before can take a break again. He was busy after coming back to the classroom, so he did not have the break that he needed to use the bathroom, before they were back at their desks, getting started on their next lesson for the day.

Now, he knows that he is going to have to try and hold it until class is over. The idea of asking to go to the bathroom is a little nerve wracking, something that he would just prefer to keep to himself. It is embarrassing to ask for something like that when so many people can hear him, and, either way, he does not want to interrupt class for any reason at all, let alone something as silly as him needing to pee because he had too much orange juice to drink.

Tenya is going to wait until his next chance to take a break, all without interrupting anything that is going on. He knows that he made a terrible mistake, but he also knows that there was nothing that he could do to prevent it from happening, so the only thing that he can do now is just try to deal with it, without making too much of a fuss. It does not matter how badly he needs to go, he will continue to hold strong and pay attention to class, while not causing any sort of distraction for anyone else.

The thing is, that turns out to be a lot easier said than done, as his need continues to grow, getting stronger by the moment, as the high volume of liquid that he has had to drink fills his bladder, adding to the pressure and making this whole situation quite uncomfortable. Tenya has to pee rather badly, and trying to comfort himself about the situation is not actually going to help matters at all, is not going to keep him from being pushed to his very limit. The more he tries to hold on, the harder it is going to become for him, and though he tries to push it all out of his mind, he has already begun to sweat.

Just how long before this is too much for him? He tries not to think about it, but it makes him quite nervous, and he knows, in the back of his mind, that he has landed himself in a pretty big predicament. Pressing his thighs together, he bites down on his lip, trying to push everything but the lesson out of his mind. His bladder can wait until class is over, and he is not going to accept anything else. He is not going to let his bladder steal his attention again, even as it continues to pulse and throb, threatening to spill over at any moment. That is another thing that Tenya is not going to allow to happen, as he tells himself over and over again that he is more than strong enough to handle all of this.

It is easy to tell himself things, but much harder to actually back it all up. The situation is not looking good, and before he can stop it, he leaks a little bit, enough to soak into his underwear, and enough to make him start to really panic. Maybe he should ask to go to the bathroom after all, maybe he should not keep dragging this out, or trying to prove himself, when he should not have anything to prove in the first place.

Squeezing his thighs together tighter, and shifting in his seat, he finally decides to raise his hand, no matter how embarrassing it may be. This is too bad now, and he knows that he can’t hold it anymore, that there is nothing he can do to hold this back, that he is at his limit, that…

It is too late. With his hand raised, enough to call extra attention to himself, he is called on just in time to lose control. Before he can even ask permission to go to the bathroom, he has already started to wet himself, gasping and fighting with all that he can to control it, only to find that it is just impossible.

Tenya whimpers, his classmates’ curious eyes on him as he pisses himself, his pants quickly soaked, and the hot liquid running off of his seat to splatter on the floor to make a puddle beneath his desk, the sound quite loud in the otherwise silent room. Naturally, there is nothing to distract anyone from what he is doing right now.

“I…I…” he stammers, face going red as his humiliation hits him. He could not hold it. His stream slows to a stop, his bladder empty, because he just wet himself in front of his classmates. Tenya has no idea how he is ever going to live this one down, quickly dropping his hand, as if that will be enough to get everyone to stop staring at him.

