Aubrey's Downfall

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-09-04 19:56

A/N: A commission about some OCs!

Aubrey is the sort of person who always likes to be in control of everything. For as long as she can remember, she has had a domineering personality, and people have often described her a natural leader. Combine that with her good looks, and it is no wonder that, as she grows, she becomes all the more popular, until she pretty much controls the social hierarchy of those around her.

She has earned everything that she has through her own ability and beauty, and she is determined to stay on top, no matter what. For her, that means never showing any sort of weakness, and she has her own specific list of weaknesses, of things that she feels that she can never show to others. One such thing is that she refuses to let anyone see her going to the bathroom- as in, she does not want anyone to so much as see her entering or exiting a bathroom, as that would give away the fact that she is human like everyone else, and that she also needs to relieve herself.

No matter what, she does not use the bathrooms at school, and always manages to hold it until she gets home, no matter how bad the situation may be. She has held it no matter how close the call becomes, always able to make it home before she loses control.

But then comes the day when she has to be tutored, throwing her schedule off completely.

In general, Aubrey maintains decent grades, but this year, chemistry has been giving her a lot of fits. She never wanted to accept tutoring from anyone, considering that in itself a sign of weakness, but failing would be worse, and would get her grounded. So, she has no choice but to accept tutoring from one of the losers in her class, a girl named Maya that Aubrey has often picked on in the past. Maya probably doesn’t want to accept the job, but she doesn’t have much choice, since she does her tutoring through the school.

On the day of the first session, Aubrey is not thinking much about what that might entail. From the moment her morning starts, she goes through the motions of her day at school, just like she always does. It is not until around lunch time, as usual, that she starts to feel a need to pee start to build, but since she does this every day, she is not worried about it. Right now, it’s just a twinge of need, but she can ignore that, and has always been able to hold it throughout her entire day.

Her afternoon classes feel as if they drag on forever, and slowly, her need to pee continues to grow, while still remaining manageable. Usually, by the end of the day, she is starting to get a bit frantic, but as long as she is able to make her trip home- except, she remembers all at once, she has a two hour tutoring session waiting for her after school. She doesn't have the choice to skip it, and she is still not willing to use a school bathroom, so it seems that all she can do is head to her session, and do her best to try and ignore her desperate need to pee throughout it.

When it comes time for tutoring, Aubrey meets with Maya, and they find a secluded corner where they can go over the subject. Aubrey is, for once, civil to the other girl, mostly because she needs to get this good grade, but also because, when she is focusing on her bladder, she really doesn't have the energy to also be catty. But, despite her determination to make it through this, it becomes obvious to her very quickly that this is going to be more difficult than she thought.

After half an hour, her need begins to catch up to her in the worst way. She has tried to remain hopeful up to this point, but now, her bladder has started to ache and throb. Still, the only thing she can do is push it out of her mind, and try and focus on what the nerd is trying to teach her.

But then, she finds her body responding on its own, clenching up and tightening, as she feels a bit of her control slip away from her. She is able to stop it, but the panic that she felt is still strong enough to throw her off for the next few minutes. The only thing to snap her out of her thoughts is Maya speaking directly to her.

"Come on, Aubrey, you need to focus," she says.

"Shut up," mutters Aubrey. "I'm doing fine."

"Let's go over it again, then," says Maya. "Just to be certain."

"Fine," Aubrey replies, wanting nothing more than to be done with all of this. No matter how time drags on, it seems like the session is never going to end, and her bladder continues to ache and protest, demanding relief. It is almost impossible for her to keep her thoughts straight, and she wants nothing more than to go home and just finally be able to piss, but no matter how much she might want that, she can't do it yet. She has no choice but to suffer, until Maya finally lets her go, and she can race home.

By the time the first hour has passed, it is all that she can do to keep from shaking, and the idea that there is still another hour ahead of her is harrowing. It is only getting worse by the second, and it feels like her bladder might explode at any moment. Still, she has held it before, and she is sure that she can hold it just a little longer, at least long enough to get home.The strain of hiding her need and holding back all at once is making her sweat, but she has no other choice.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Maya asks, and Aubrey realizes that she is squirming in her seat. She bites her lip and does her best to hide her desperation, not wanting to give Maya the satisfaction of seeing her so weak. "I'm fine," she snaps. "Can't we just get on with this?"

"Of course. We do still have a lot to cover, and only an hour left," Maya replies.

"Good," says Aubrey. "Because the sooner we're done here, the better."

Maya gives her a funny look, as if she suspects something, but then turns back to the books. They spend the next hour reviewing the lesson, and Aubrey does her best to try and pay attention. At least, until the last twenty minutes, when things get really bad.

It feels like she might wet herself at any moment, and though her thighs are clamped together, her bladder aches with a need to relieve herself. Her bladder feels like it might burst, but she still has to try and hold out, still has to try and keep herself from losing control. By now, she can barely take notes at all, and Maya continues to glance at her, curious about how long she is going to keep trying to pretend there is nothing wrong.

She knows that Aubrey has been holding it throughout the session, and has watched as her desperation has grown and grown, but has no idea why she isn't just excusing herself to the bathroom. She has no idea just how insecure Aubrey really is, and how important it is to her that she try and keep it a secret that she ever needs to pee at all.

"I'm going to take a quick bathroom break," Maya says with ease, wondering if that might give Aubrey the incentive to stop holding it. However, all the other girl does is nod.

"Just don't take too long," she says. "I'm not staying over just because you wasted time…"

"You could come with me," Maya suggests. "Just to stretch your legs, maybe?" She has no idea how else to push for it, but at least this seems to do something- Aubrey starts to stand up.

All she intends to do is walk with Maya in the hopes that standing will take the pressure off of her bladder. She still has no intention of going to the bathroom. However, as soon as she stands up, she can feel her bladder start to give in, first with a small leak, then another, until...

She tries to stop it, she really does, still acts as if she can hold it until she gets home, but each leak grows larger, and before she knows it, she has begun to drench her panties. There is no stopping the flow now, and the relief is instantaneous. Her bladder, once given a taste of the pressure being taken off, begins emptying full force.

First, her panties are soaked through, and then her tight leggings, as a wet spot starts to bloom at her crotch. It begins to run down her legs while she whimpers, the noise slipping out just as easily. Maya just watches her in disbelief, and Aubrey can do nothing to stop it. It is far too late to try and salvage this, and her pride has been thoroughly shattered.

It feels as if it all goes on forever. She can't do anything to stop the flow that streams down the legs of her pants, staining them a darker shade of gray. There would never have been a chance of hiding this, even if it weren't done directly in front of Maya, right where she can see every second of her accident. The worst part is how good it feels, the relief is so great, and all that does is add to her misery. How could any part of her enjoy this, when it is the worst thing that has ever happened to her?

Finally, it begins to soak through her sodden clothes completely, dripping down to begin to form a puddle at her feet. She can't stop whimpering, and the puddle just continues to grow, bigger and bigger. The insides of her shoes are getting wet as well, from the steady stream and the splashing sounds fill the otherwise silent room. It is so disgusting, so utterly humiliating, and she can't believe that this is actually happening to her.

The worst part is just how full her bladder was, meaning that this goes on for what feels like an eternity. She feels so miserable that she wants to cry, but she holds back her tears, not wanting to give Maya the satisfaction of seeing her cry as well. It is bad enough that she stands here, peeing herself for what must be a full minute; there is no way that she would also show enough weakness to start crying over all of this humiliation.

When all is said and done, all that Maya can say to break the silence is, "Oh my god."

Aubrey feels sick to her stomach, knowing that her reputation is completely destroyed. She has no idea what else she can do, other than run away from all of this, as fast as she can. So, that is what she does, turning to dash out of the library as fast as she can, not wanting to have to face Maya anymore, and trying to do all that she can to avoid running into anyone else, for all the good that it will do. She is sure that, either way, this story will be all over the school by tomorrow.

And there is no denying that it is the most humiliating thing that has ever happened to her.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

