Mystery (A Fillmore Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-01-28 14:43

A/N: Another commission. The plot is kinda crack-y, but hey, whattaya gonna do? I haven't written anything worth posting here for myself lately, sorry for that. Haven't had any of my own ideas, so I've just been sticking to commissions.

It started with Cheri, strangely enough. Whoever the culprit was targeting, anyone would have figured they would have started with someone who wasn't as high-profile, but maybe they had some kind of fantasy involving her in particular. Whatever the case, she was the first target, and she was targeted a few times, and then the culprit began to move on and experiment with other girls.

It was the strangest fascination, what they were trying to do, and how they even knew how to do it was beyond everyone. That was part of what made it such a strange, difficult mystery. But, back when it started, no one thought of it as a mystery, they just thought it was a very humiliating occurrence for a cheerleader.

Practice had been running late, and Cheri had kept herself incredibly hydrated throughout, just like always. The coach had already left and she and some other girls had hung back for just a few minutes, talking. She always had to pee after practice, but that was something that could wait until she was in the locker room. It was nothing incredibly urgent, but when they tried the door, it was locked.

Every door the girls tried was locked, and Cheri moaned quietly to herself as the group began to discuss what to do. None of them had any way out, but they couldn't just stay there. They would have to wait for a janitor to come clean; they would have a key and they could let them out. But there was no telling how long they would have to wait, and Cheri really had to pee and she wasn't sure how long she could wait.

She tried to keep her need to herself for a while, fidgeting ever so slightly and going silent, but her friends could soon tell that there was something wrong, though she wouldn't admit to what it was. Still, it was quite obvious after a short time that she was growing incredibly desperate. No one bothered her about, all of them knowing how much they would hate being in that situation themselves, but no one could ignore the way she squirmed and crossed her legs and bit her lip.

She had had so much to drink already, and she didn't know how she was going to last this out when she had been just about to make a dash for the bathroom when they had gotten into this situation. Now she was barely able to hold it, and soon she would humiliate herself in front of everyone. Definitely not something she wanted, but if they weren't rescued soon, it was not something she could avoid.

Her friends did their best not to watch her as she was forced to put a hand between her legs, bouncing up and down on her knees. She was cutting it too close now, and she wasn't going to make it, she knew she wasn't going to make it, and then her bladder gave in. She moaned softly as she felt the warm liquid spill out of her, darkening the skirt of her uniform and splashing onto the gym floor.

Her face burned from humiliation, but her friends said nothing to mock her. Most just ignored it, while a few made some sympathetic noises. It paid off, being as well-liked as she was- otherwise, one of them might have spread this to make her look bad, but instead they all pitied her.

And then they heard a click, and when they tried one of the doors, it was no longer locked. It became apparent then that there had been somebody watching them and waiting.

~X~

There were two more attacks on her, and they became more and more public. The second one involved trapping her while she was helping put together the school news program, and the third involved trapping her in a classroom, where another girl was put in much the same predicament.

After that, it spread to other girls in general. There was a library assistant who reported that she couldn't get to a bathroom in the library due to it being blocked off and locked up, and several athletes reporting similar instances to what had happened with Cheri. It was clear that this had all been planned and that there was someone in the school who wanted to see girls wet themselves.

“That's really weird,” said Ingrid, as they reviewed the case. “Who would want to do something like that?”

“I don't know,” replied Fillmore, “but I guess that's what we're supposed to figure out. The only thing is, we don't really know when he's going to strike.”

“We'd have to know when a girl was going to be in a situation like that, and I don't even know how he knows that,” she said. He gave her a look, one that told her exactly what he had in mind, and that she wouldn't like it. “No,” she said. “Absolutely no way am I doing that!”

“Come on, it's the best way to catch him in the act! All you have to do is have a few close calls, or even pretend close calls, and he won't be able to resist targeting you,” he argued. “And once he does, I'll be watching closely and I can nab him.”

“But when he really targets me, I'm actually going to be trapped,” she replied. “I'm actually going to be stuck in that situation and I don't want to...you know.”

“It's for the good of the case,” he said. “It's the only way to stop this from happening to other girls. It's a sacrifice that the Safety Patrol has to be willing to make for the good of the case.”

“You say that,” she replied, unamused, “but the only person making the sacrifice here it me.”

“But think of all the people you'll be helping!”

They argued back and forth like that for a while, but it was a long time before she reluctantly agreed to go along with it. She really didn't want to do this, but if she really had to, she supposed she would.

~X~

The set up was incredibly humiliating for her. She couldn't tell anyone that she was faking what she was doing, or else she would risk blowing the case, but that meant that everyone got to see her faking it every day and that everyone thought she was being completely genuine.

What she did was, she would go into a class and suddenly start acting really desperate. Sometimes she would ask the teacher to go to the bathroom and, if she was told yes, act incredibly relieved and leave the room quickly; if she was told no, she would up her act and make a made dash once class was over. Rarely did she actually have to pee, but she tried this act in different classes and on different days, and after a few weeks, she hoped that someone would have spread word about her or that the culprit would have seen her do it in person.

But while all of this was going on, he continued to strike various places. No one appeared to be safe, and when even Karen was targeted, Ingrid knew that it was time to get serious. She began allowing herself to get genuinely desperate during class, hoping that that would attract the culprit. There were days when she really did just barely make it, days when she really did have to make a run for it to avoid wetting herself, and still, he didn't take the bait.

Perhaps she were being too obvious, or perhaps he just hadn't seen her. She wasn't sure what it was, but she knew that whatever she was doing wasn't working. There was no sense in continuously humiliating herself and putting herself in situations like that if it wasn't doing any good anyway.

For a few days after that, everything went mostly back to normal. People gave her looks in her classes, as if they were just waiting for her to suddenly spring up and bolt to the bathroom, but other than that, nothing changed. Fillmore grew more and more frustrated about the fact that the case was going cold on their end but that the attacks weren't stopping and that more girls were being humiliated all the time, but there was nothing they could do to gather clues.

Everything died down on their end of the investigation for a while, and it seemed like Ingrid would never be one of the girls targeted. She wondered why, if she looked like an easy target, she wouldn't be used for it, but there was no answer that made sense. The culprit didn't seem to have a specific type, seeing as he went after any and every sort of girl, so she could rule out the fact that she didn't fit the bill. But there was just nothing that made sense otherwise.

It wasn't until she was really starting to believe that they had reached the end of their rope and that the case would go forever unsolved when it finally happened to her. Of course, she didn't realize that it was happening to her at first. At first, she was just talking to Cheri after her practice one day, hoping that discussing what had happened with her again might shed new light on the subject.

She had hung around after school, waiting for cheer practice to end, and then went to talk to Cheri, and when they were talking, they heard clicks that were all too familiar to the blonde. Sure enough, the doors had been locked, and they were the only two trapped in the gym. A look of dread came over Cheri's face and she said, “Oh no, not again.”

“Is that what happened the first time?” asked Ingrid.

“Yeah, it was exactly like this,” she replied. “I've tried to be careful since then, but I was starting to relax...” She fidgeted uncomfortably. “I guess I should have known better than to let my guard down.”

“Well, I've been having the opposite problem,” replied Ingrid. “I've been trying to get in these situations and failing. I'd only just given up, and now here I am.”

“Do you...?” asked Cheri.

“A little bit,” she answered, but that was a lie. It had been a long day at school, and she hadn't been to the bathroom once. She should have gone while she was waiting for Cheri's practice to end, but old habits died hard and she was still so used to holding it that she didn't even think to until it was too late. Now they were both trapped, and she hoped that Fillmore had stuck around after school like he was supposed to, or he was missing out on their one good chance to catch the culprit.

Soon enough, he would notice that the gym was closed off and locked, and hopefully he would investigate further. Until then, there was nothing she and Cheri could do but wait this out. Of course, she had already accepted the fact that she would probably have to wet herself for real, and she was sure that Cheri was aware of that too, after being caught in that predicament so many times herself.

The culprit was probably over the moon with excitement, knowing that he had a two for one special with this. Ingrid wondered where they were even watching from, and considered scoping the room and looking through windows, but her desperation was starting to get bad and she thought it would be better if she stayed in one place. With any luck, Fillmore would figure things out sooner rather than later, and would get her out of here before she lost control.

She clenched her fists and steeled herself, ready to try and hold on for the long haul. It would be difficult, but she was determined not to let this random creep beat her, not when he had terrorized so many before. Her bladder was uncomfortably full, but she had practiced holding enough recently that she hoped that would pay off and that she would be able to make it.

Cheri didn't seem to be holding up as well as she was though. Already she was whimpering and had her legs crossed, and already she seemed like she wasn't going to last very long. It was surprising that she wasn't more prepared for this sort of thing, considering how frequently she had been targeted, but she really had meant it when she said that she had relaxed too much.

“I don't know how long I'm gonna last,” she said, teary eyed. “You'd think I'd be used to wetting myself by now, but...”

“Well, no one can really judge you for it, when everyone keeps getting forced into it,” replied Ingrid, trying to keep the conversation going to distract herself from her throbbing bladder. “I mean, so many girls have had to do it by now that it's just becoming commonplace.”

“That doesn't make it any less humiliating,” she whimpered, bouncing up and down and biting her lip. She was clearly already at her limit, but still fighting to hold on for the sake of her dignity. Ingrid couldn't really blame her, considering she was doing the same thing herself even knowing that it wouldn't matter if she wet herself. She still had her pride, she supposed, even knowing that it was all part of the case.

Cheri wasn't holding up well at all, though, and it was hard to focus on her own need when the girl beside her was practically in tears due to her desperation. She wasn't going to last the time it took for the culprit to be caught and them to be saved; even if Ingrid could make it, there was no way that Cheri would.

“If it hurts, you should just let go,” she finally said. “I mean, we both know we're trapped here, and like I said, it's not like anyone can judge you. No one would blame you for giving up before it hurt too bad.”

“But I can't do something like that!” Cheri cried. “I can't do it on purpose!”

“No one would know but me. No one is here but me and I wouldn't tell anyone what happened. Everyone would think it was just an accident.”

“Either way it's going to be awful and humiliating!”

“Yes, but one way hurts a lot less,” argued Ingrid. She was having a harder time articulating her thoughts as her own desperation only grew worse.

“If it's so easy, than why don't you do it?” challenged the other girl.

She wanted to reply that it was because she thought she might be able to make it, but that was no good. Maybe it would be better for both of them if they both just gave up here and now. Maybe there was no point in trying to wait this out. “I will if you will,” she finally replied.

Cheri looked conflicted, not sure if she was willing to risk calling Ingrid on her bluff or try to keep fighting a losing battle. Finally, face red from humiliation, she said, “Okay, fine! It's not like I'm actually scared or anything, I just thought it was kind of a stupid thing to do is all, but if you're going to insist...”

For all of her bravado, she still looked incredibly unsure, but now didn't seem willing to back down from her own challenge. She hesitated for only a second more before she cringed, realizing that her desperation was at such a point that she really couldn't afford to hesitate a moment longer. Either way, she was going to end up wetting herself soon and she knew it, so she sighed and relaxed, letting go.

Soon enough, the gym was filled with the echo of liquid splashing on its hardwood floor as Cheri wet herself on purpose, getting some of her cheer uniform wet in the process. It was far from the first time she had been forced to wet herself at school, but she still blushed heavily, and was still not used to the feeling.

Ingrid could hardly stand listening to and witnessing such a thing with her own bladder so full, and though she was sure she would have been able to wait longer without that happening, that pushed her a bit too far, and she figured that it was a good thing she was about to do it on purpose anyway, because she felt her bladder give up and she began to lose control. She did not fight it and did not try to hold back, sighing in relief as she wet herself.

Her own puddle formed on the floor and she heard the echo of her own splatter, and suddenly she found that she did not care nearly as much as she had expected to. In fact, she found that it actually felt rather nice, all things considered. She wasn't sure what to make of that, but she didn't have long to think about it before she heard the locks click, signifying that their captor had decided to free them.

Without another thought, she bolted, hoping to catch them before they managed to get away. Just as she flung open the door, she saw that Fillmore was there and had someone cornered, but when she approached she was surprised to see, not some creepy guy, but a girl who looked positively guilty.

“Is this the culprit?” she asked in disbelief as she approached.

“Seems like it,” he replied. “She managed to steal a set of school keys and has been setting up these situations for weeks, but we've got her now!”

~X~

She was questioned heavily after that as they tried to find a motive behind the culprit's actions. It turned out that they hadn't been too wrong in their assumptions; her reasoning was fairly creepy, she had just turned out to be a girl instead.

“It started out as kind of revenge,” she said. “When I was younger, I was always too shy to ask to go to the bathroom. I used to have accidents all the time, and people would make fun of me for it. I wanted to put other girls in that position, so they could see how it felt, and then I realized I liked seeing that. I don't know why I do, but I really, really do, and once I'd started, I couldn't stop.”

She said she felt guilty, but it wasn't clear if she felt genuinely guilty or just guilty because she had been caught. Obviously, she would have gone on to keep doing it; she seemed to be addicted to it, and it would have gone on much longer had they not caught her. Luckily, they had, and it was another case closed.

