Katya goes hiking

Author: Zbra

*000*2017-09-21 02:08

Katya is a cute blond girl with dark eyes. She is pretty curvy, and very elegant. That day she was wearing a nice and beautiful blue dress.

Katya was part of a hiking group. There were maybe 25 people, and every two weeks or so, they would rent a small bus and go to a new place to walk in the forest. That day, the group decided to go to a place pretty far. The bus ride would be about 2 hours.

After breakfast, Katya walked to the meeting point to take the bus since it was not far from her home. She soon realised that she forgot to go to the bathroom this morning, since she was running late. When she arrived there, she thought about going to a nearby bathroom, but the group was already waiting for her, and she didn't want everyone's attention to be on her going to the bathroom. Anyway, she didn't even feel a strong need to go.

The trip started pretty well. She even decided to take a small nap. A few minutes later, she woke up, and the first thing she realised was that her need to pee increased quite a lot. It was not yet something to worry about, but it was definitely more present, and she was afraid of how the trip would continue since they were only gone for 20 minutes.

She talked to a friend in order to distract herself from her need. It worked for a while, but her bladder became more and more imposing. Up to a point where she felt an ache in her lower abdomen. It was pretty annoying at first, but eventually, it became truly painful. She crossed her legs, but tried to do it casually so that the person she was talking to would not realise the urgency of her need. She still said: "Are we going to go to the bathroom before the hike? I kinda need to go". To which her friend answer: "Sure, we'll be there in about 45 minutes".

Katya then decided to stop talking so that she could use all her focus on clenching her legs. A few times, she even had to push her crotch a little bit to ease her slowly but surely growing need.

When they arrived, Katya got out of the bus, and looked around to quickly spot the nearest bathroom.To her surprised (and horror), she didn't see any human construction whatsoever; the place was a lot more natural than she expected. Her bladder was now screaming. She could feel the big quantity of water in her stomach begging to get out. All of a sudden, the group decided to start the hike. The person she was talking to totally forgot about the need of her friend. She had difficulty walking since she was only focusing on not peeing. Every few minutes, she had to stop and cross her legs very tightly. She looked around for a place to pee secretly. There was a small tree density, so she would have to go very far not to be seen relieving herself. Also, she would have to explain to the group why she was leaving the path.

After what seemed like an eternity, the hike was over. At this point, Katya felt like crying. The huge ball in her lower stomach was now excessively painful. Her only wish right now was to find a place to empty it. She proposed to go back immediately. The group wondered why she was in so much hurry, but still accepted.

Inside the bus, Katya immediately sat down and crossed her legs very tightly. She put one hand below her butt to exert an upright pressure on her crotch. It helped quite a lot. A big part of the pain disappeared and she let out a small moan. This trick didn't work for very long, though, and the need to pee made a comeback, twice as strong. It came to a point where the pain was almost unbearable, and she started to fidget quite a lot. Every ounce of effort was focused on trying no to pee herself. She didn't know what to do but try to hold her pee in for as long as she could.

The journey back was long and painful. She shifted her position so many different times, but couldn't find one where she was not in absolute agony. She was now dreaming of the moment she would be able to simply relax, and let go this huge amount of water. Her pelvic muscles were very tired, but she hold on. She was wondering how long she could be able to continue like that.

Finally they arrived. Katya quickly said goodbye to everyone and hurriedly started walking towards her house. She was hesitating between stopping to cross her legs very hard, and hurrying which would raise the risk of her wetting herself. She did a hybrid version: walking fast when possible, and stopping when she could feel her pee was very close to the "exit". She almost lost it when she saw her home. She had to hold with both hands for a good ten seconds in order to regain control of her body. When she arrived at her door, she noticed that a miracle happened: she did not lock it this morning when she was hurrying. She sprinted towards the bathroom, and barely had time to pull up her dress and pull down her panties. She was now peeing full force in the bathroom. It felt so good to let go this long held pee. It was so pleasant to finally not have to hold in this waterfall. She exhaled a long moan while letting go this huge weight she has been carrying during the whole day.

Two very long minutes later, she was done peeing. She got up and took a well deserved rest.

