Pantsed

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2019-03-04 16:54

A/N: This was written for a commission, contains pretty serious public humiliation.

Tara knows that her mouth can get her into trouble sometimes, but she sometimes can’t help herself. She isn’t necessarily mean spirited, but with those she doesn’t get along with, she can’t help herself from mouthing off, and her relationship with best friends Courtney and Addison has never been a positive one. It’s hard to tell who started it, and who is really in the wrong, but it’s been going on for so long now that the three of them are always fighting over something, and none of them can remember exactly where it started, or why they keep it up.

It just is the way it is, and after a particularly nasty argument, Tara gets the idea in her head to turn things more physical. So she attempts to yank down Addison’s pants, and, when Courtney comes at her, she tries giving her a slight wedgie. All in all, nothing too extreme; Addison’s pants barely make it down her thighs, and Courtney just dislodges her underwear like it’s nothing, but both of them are clearly unhappy with this turn of events. Tara escapes for now, but the two of them are not going to let this slide.

~X~

Tara has not been able to sit still for most of her class. She has been watching the clock, waiting for her break so that she can go to the bathroom. After the bell rang for class to start, she realized that she needed to pee, and perhaps should have gone before class started. So she spends the class desperately waiting for her chance to go to the bathroom, and once she’s free to go to lunch, she hurries out of class.

But this is where she is confronted by Courtney and Addison, who are out for their revenge. They stop her short, with Addison saying, “Come with us for a minute, okay?”

“Actually, I was on my way to-” Tara is interrupted by Courtney roughly grabbing her arm and tugging her along.

“Come on, it’ll just take a minute,” she says.

Tara finds that she can’t break free of the other girl’s grip, and has no choice but to follow along behind the two of them, her bladder throbbing in protest at the unexpected delay. She really hopes whatever argument they have planned or insults they want to hurl at her doesn’t take too long, because she desperately needs to pee. They take her somewhere out of the way, and she tries not to let it show that she’s desperate right now, though she’s rather tense.

“We’re getting really tired of your attitude,” Addison says with a scowl.

“Really? That makes three of us,” Tara replies, before realizing that that might not be the best comeback. “If that’s all you took me here to say, just fuck off, okay? You’re wasting my time.”

“As if that’s all,” the other girl says, her scowl breaking as she laughs. Courtney joins her, and the two close in on Tara, almost threateningly. “You really think we’re gonna let you off that easy?”

Squirming despite herself, Tara says, “What are you talking about?”

“Just...this!” Courtney replies, before lunging forward to yank at Tara’s pants. And, to keep Tara from resisting, Addison grabs both of her arms, holding her still until the pants have been pulled at the way down to her ankles, revealing her cutesy panties.

They are white as a base color, but have a simple, pink, lacy trim around them. The pattern has a variety of hearts, including larger ones that are black and white zebra striped, and then, in between the rows of those, there are smaller hearts, some rows with alternating black and pink, and other rows with alternating teal and lime green. All in all, it’s a somewhat childish pair of panties, but it is secretly one of Tara’s favorites.

Still, that’s only secretly, and she’s humiliated to have them exposed to the world so suddenly, especially to two of her worst enemies. Not to mention, the sudden rush of cold air only makes her urge to pee that much worse, and she squeezes her thighs together to prevent any leaks from escaping.

“Look at how embarrassed she is!” Addison declares. “Those are super cute panties, you know?” She sneers, and Courtney starts laughing.

“We should give her a chance to show them off,” she replies, and when Addison lets go of her arms and Tara starts to move, Courtney trips her swiftly. Neither of them notice the slight leak of urine that dampens her panties when this happens, as they are too focused on stealing her pants, but it leaves Tara in such a panic that she can’t fight back until her pants are already off.

By the time she’s regained her composure and is able to get to her feet, the girls have run off with pants, leaving her in only her tank top, that is definitely too short to cover anything. Tara is at a complete loss; she doesn’t know what to do. The break is almost over, she has no pants to cover her, and if she doesn’t go to the bathroom soon, she is definitely going to wet herself.

She squeezes her legs together to try to get some control, but it isn’t enough, and she knows she’s going to leak again soon. Jamming a hand between her legs, she makes the decision to just try to get to the bathroom, prioritizing that over covering herself or attempting to make it to class on time. Trying not to care who sees her, she starts off, leaning forward slightly as she holds herself.

Of course, the nearest bathroom is in an extremely crowded hallway, so of course, a lot of people see the way she hobbles along, panty-clad butt jutting out, very clearly on the verge of wetting herself. And, of course, everyone can see her girly, cutesy panties, and wonder why she’s not wearing pants anymore.

She’s terrified that she isn’t gonna make it, and when she feels herself leak, she reflexively shakes out her wet hand, causing those around her to jump back in surprise at her actions. When she jams her hand back between her legs, blushing furiously, they laugh, realizing what’s happening.

She’s really and truly at her limit as she reaches the bathroom door, leaking more and more frequently until her panties are soaked through, and there are streams of urine streaking down her legs, but she does not give up until the very, very end. With one hand against the door, she tries to push it in, but it’s already too late for her and, in front of everyone, she loses control.

Crying out in surprise, then slowly fading into a sigh of relief, she lets her hand fall to the side as she floods her panties. Without any other fabric to catch the liquid, it isn’t long before a puddle forms at her feet and her shoulders sag. The relief, at the very least, is amazing after holding for so long, but she is soon very aware of every pair of eyes on her as she not only wets herself in front of everyone, but does so in only a tank top and her heart printed, lace trimmed panties.

Try as she might, she can’t imagine anything more humiliating.

~X~

Needless to say, she is permitted to go home early after being given a change of clothes by the office, but they aren’t able to get her to admit to what happened to her pants. It would only mean more trouble if she ratted them out, especially since they would reveal it was in retaliation, so she keeps her mouth shut until she is allowed to go home.

And, when she is alone in her shower, getting cleaned up from the incident, she can’t deny the little tingle of excitement she feels. Though it was horrible, though it was mortifying, though it was the most humiliating thing she has ever experienced in her life…

Well, there is a part of her that just might like that thought. There is a part of her that may enjoy such humiliation after all.

