Must be under a lot of stress (A Hazbin Hotel Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-06-22 14:35

How long has he been at this? How many meetings has he passed through, how many shows has he had to run, how many cameos has he had to show up for, and how many interviews has he had to smile through? Vox can hardly keep track of his day, and when he thinks back on it, it all just feels like a big blur to him. He can barely even recall getting from one location to the next, let alone what he has actually done at each. There is only one thing that has been consistent and clear on his mind.

He seriously needs to take a piss.

It’s far from the first time he has found himself in such a situation. In fact, most days he finds himself bursting at least once, finding whatever excuse he can to rush off to the bathroom without calling attention to how badly he needs it. He’d like to say that he has never once come close to actually losing control, but the laundry he’s had to do, after just barely managing to get the bathroom door closed, would disagree with that.

The only thing he can say is that he has never allowed something like that to happen in public, that he has never had one single witness. Truth be told, that’s one of his biggest fears, and every time he ends up desperate like this, he has to try and fight that fear, always looking for a chance to get away, before that fear ends up realized.

Today, he has not had a single chance, and his schedule continues to stretch out before him, with so much already done and so much left to be done that it seems impossible for him to accomplish it all today. Perhaps even impossible that it’s still the same day he started this on, but he isn’t given much of a chance to think about that with how rushed he is, not to mention the way his bladder throbs, stealing his attention every few minutes.

Eventually, every few seconds, as it begins to dawn on him that he really doesn’t have much time left, that he is pushing things further than he ever has before. Standing still is becoming difficult, and every time he shifts or squirms, he worries that he might be called out on it. Somehow, no one seems to notice, and he sincerely hopes it stays that way.

It is hard to keep focused, and when Vox isn't squirming, he can't stop tapping his foot. His hand goes down to his crotch, grabbing hold on reflex before pulling it back. Though that quick motion wasn't enough to catch anyone's attention either, it has also done nothing to curb his desperation. If anything, it only serves to make it worse.

Where is he again? Right, in the middle of a press conference, and with all eyes on him, it really is a mystery that he hasn't been found out yet. His legs are bouncing now, and if he could get away with it, he'd be on his feet, pacing the room.

"You look rather impatient," a voice says, and he glances up to see the last person he would want to see at any time, let alone right now. What the hell is Alastor sitting next to him? How did he get here, when?! "I guess you've got somewhere to be?"

Vox can't respond, his voice dying in his throat, and as a smirk comes across the other man's face, Vox can no longer process what's going on around him. Everything is happening too fast, and the pressure has grown to such a point that there’s no holding it back. Once again, he shoves a hand into his lap reflexively, but this time, he can’t bring himself to let go. He’s shaking so hard, at his absolute limit, and, to his horror, he realizes he is no longer seated behind a desk, with no idea how it could have vanished like that.

Now, all eyes really are on him, and he’s just vaguely aware of Alastor continuing to speak to him, or maybe he’s speaking more to the crowd, narrating every humiliating detail as Vox’s need is put on full display. With his thighs squeezed together, and his hand tightly gripping at his crotch, anyone could tell what it is he’s struggling with, what it is that has him shaking all over.

But then, his control slips for good, and no matter how tightly he holds himself, no matter how hard he tries to will his body into obeying him, it does not work. Instead, his pants grow warm and wet, his bladder finally emptying itself in a steady trickle that does not slow, but continues, and hot piss floods through his pants, making an absolute mess of him and the floor beneath him. The crowd erupts in laughter, and all the while, Alastor is laughing along with them, until his laughter becomes so loud and grating that Vox can do nothing else but scream.

~X~

Which is exactly when he bolts upright in bed, his screen smashing directly into Valentino’s forehead. The other man cringes back and swears, while Vox struggles to orient himself. Where is he now, and where’s the crowd? Where has Alastor gone, and what’s he going to do now that Vox has-

Except it wasn’t real, was it? As it sinks in that he is in Valentino’s bed, the lights out because it’s clearly still nighttime, Vox realizes all of that was just a nightmare. A very cruel concoction from his subconscious, because he’s been putting a lot of stress on his bladder lately, and therefore a lot of stress on his mind. He was bound to have a nightmare about it eventually, pathetic as it may be, but-

Yet another realization hits him, at the exact second that Valentino stops rubbing his forehead, and turns his attention back to Vox. True, it was just a nightmare, but he still feels soaking wet. Not only his underwear, but the sheets beneath him, giving him no chance to feel relieved that he’s in bed. Because he wet the bed.

He wet Valentino’s bed.

“What the fuck, Vox?” Val snaps, and it’s no surprise he sounds irritated. Even the hit he accidentally took would have been enough to piss him off.

Vox is already cringing harder, even thinking the word piss.

“I…” he starts, but what can he say? How does he even begin to explain himself?

“Some nightmare you must have been having,” mutters Val, now looking more tired than irritated. “Your screen was flashing like crazy.” He must notice the way Vox stiffens, because he adds, “Oh, come on, it’s not like it was broadcasting your dream. Just a bunch of flashing nonsense, but enough to wake me up. You wouldn’t wake up, at least not until you…”

“Don’t say it, Val, please.”

“Oh, so we’re just supposed to ignore the fact that you pissed the bed?”

“I had a lot to drink last night, and…look, I’ll clean it up, can you just not give me shit for this right now?”

“Oh, baby,” Valentino coos, his expression softening that much more. His tone is a bit condescending, but Vox decides to take the comfort at face value. “Seems like you’ve been under more stress than usual. You should at least let me know, you know I can always help you relax.”

“Whoa! Val-” Somehow, Vox hadn’t noticed his lover’s lower set of arms, drifting down until one hand is now brushing against his soaked crotch. “You’re not seriously-”

“Come on, you think I haven’t done this before? You’re the one who soaked my sheets, so at least let me spoil you how I want to in them,” he interrupts. “Then we can make this mess go away, and you can tell me all about that silly nightmare.”

“I don’t know about that last part,” Vox says with a sigh. “But…I won’t argue with the rest of that.”

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

