Energy Drink Experiments (A Zoey 101 Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-05-16 22:30

A/N: Now that I'm on summer vacation, it's a little bit easier to power through these commissions. My job has been giving me more hours, but that's not affecting me as much, and I always write on my breaks.

“Are you sure these aren't dangerous or anything?” asked Dana.

“I'm certain they won't hurt any of you in any way,” said Quinn. “The real question is whether or not they'll work, and that's why I was hoping you all could help me test them.”

“I'm sure they'll work great,” said Zoey, smiling at her friend. Quinn had created a new type of energy drink that was supposed to make whoever drank it become filled with a healthy amount of energy, no matter how tired they were. The girls had been asked to sleep different amounts the night before in preparation of the experiment.

“If you're sure,” said Nicole, before they all took a drink and downed it.

~X~

It did not take long before the drinks began to take effect. Each girl soon began to feel as if they had had a perfect and restful night of sleep the night before, and were more than ready to take on the day. It really seemed that Quinn had outdone herself with this creation and that she had found a great solution to a common problem, with absolutely no catches.

Dana didn't think anything of it when was hit by an urge to pee, and when it began to increase rapidly, she did not think to relate it back to the drink sample. All she could really think about as it got bad was how hard she had to try to hold it until she could get to a bathroom.

However, that didn't look like it was going to be an option any time soon, seeing as she was stuck in a class with a teacher notorious for not letting students go during class time. If she asked, she would surely be turned down, and so she held on, ignoring the pulsing in her bladder as much as she could.

By the time she was out of her class, she could barely walk without leaking. She bit her lip, her breath short and labored as she struggled to hold on. She decided to bypass the ridiculous lines in the school bathrooms and headed straight for her dorm, feeling herself leak a little.

The leaks did not stop coming after that, and by the time she had reached the bathroom, she had a sizable wet patch on her pants. She had just barely made it, but she would still have to change before she could go back out. She hadn't wet herself completely, but she had still wet herself, though she was at least glad she had not been spotted.

~X~

Nicole hoped that no one could tell how desperate she was. After all, it might get around that she was about to wet herself in public, and then she would probably get laughed out of every room she entered. And then how was she ever going to get a date? It was out of the question for her to show her need.

But she really did need to go pretty terribly, and she didn't even know why. It was kind of strange that she was more desperate than she could ever remember being in her entire life, when she hadn't done anything that different. She had all but forgotten about the energy drink, also not thinking to draw any connections there.

She tapped her foot on the floor, trying to take her mind off of things. It didn't really do her all that much good, though, and she knew that it would not be long before she wet herself, especially if she didn't find an easier way to hold it. She squirmed, still trying to be subtle, but the pounding in her bladder did not subside in the least.

Finally, she asked to go to the bathroom, and was luckily given permission. Each step she took was torturous on her swollen bladder. She realized with sudden horror that she was not going to make it, but still picked up the pace in hope that walking quicker might save her yet.

Of course, it only made things worse, and by the time she reached the bathroom door, it was too late. A strong torrent of piss came rushing out, soaking her clothes immediately and hitting the floor, forming a puddle at her feet. No one was around to see, but her face still burned in humiliation as she wet herself. The relief was nice, she couldn't deny, but now she had to get herself cleaned up and changed before anyone started to wonder about her.

~X~

Of course, around this time, Zoey began feeling similar effects. She couldn't sit still, and she wondered what on earth had her in such a state. She realized that the energy drink was all she had had, and wondered if that was the cause. It didn't really surprise her, that something of Quinn's had a bad side effect, especially when it had been working so well, but she did feel bad that her friend would have to fix it a little more.

She didn't spend much time dwelling on that, though, as her concentration soon had to switch to focusing on her bladder. She excused herself from class quickly, her walking slowing considerably as she tried to make her way to a bathroom. She was so far from one that she didn't know if she would make it at all.

By the time she was at the bathroom door, she had to keep a hand between her legs to keep herself from losing control. She was lucky that there was no one around to see her as she burst into bathroom, squirming and dancing. She was doubled over, walking so slowly a snail could have beaten her by now, and her pace did nothing to help her situation.

She felt a jet run down her legs, and tightened her grip, but she knew already that it was too late for her. She groaned, still trying to hold back as she lost control, soaking her jeans quickly. She was glad the bathroom was empty, but also quite a bit put out that she had been right there and still hadn't made it.

It took her quite some time to finish wetting herself and, when she was done, she knew there was two things she had to do. First, she had to get changed, and then she had to go have a talk with Quinn.

~X~

Quinn had been working on another experiment for quite some time and had not noticed the pressure on her bladder until it was suddenly very unbearable. She crossed her legs and bounced up and down on her knees, trying to finish up what she was doing before she left. Even knowing she was on the brink of wetting herself, she still could not bring herself to leave a task unfinished.

She knew, of course, that this had to be a negative side effect of her drink. She had not done anything else to become this desperate, and she started to wonder how she could fix this problem. She could not think of anything off the top of her head, but, then again, her desperation kept her from being able to put one hundred percent into her efforts.

Just as she was about to take her much needed break, Zoey burst in, accompanied by Dana and Nicole, who had eventually put two and two together. They were all clamoring for her attention, demanding to know why she hadn't told them about the potential risks involved.

She scrambled to explain to them that she really hadn't known and that she was in the same predicament, so could they please let her through? But they could not hear her over their own talking, and she could not get past them in time.

They all fell silent when they noticed the look on her face as she began to wet herself and stepped back a bit. She gave a sigh of relief, only a little bit humiliated. She was more relieved than anything, and knew she couldn't waste any time worrying about the fact that she had wet herself when she had side effects to work out and friends to placate.

When she had finished, she said, “I suppose we can say that the experiment needs a little tweaking.”

