Omorashi Drabbles

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2023-11-11 01:12

A/N: For the most part, these will be triple drabbles (fics of exactly 300 words), but I have a few singles, doubles, quadruples, and quintuples, as well as some that aren't exact numbers but still short, so I'll post all that here. But this thread will include a lot of fandoms, potential sexual content, and a variety of omorashi situations. If you're interested in a fic of this length, check out my commission thread, as I often have slots for triple drabbles open! Each fic will include a warning of what it includes!

1. expedition- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Ferdinand x FShez, male wetting

Ferdinand shifts awkwardly where he sits, trying so hard not to think about the pressure in his bladder. He has no idea how he could end up in a situation like this, bursting to pee when he is out in the middle of nowhere, alone with Shez, with no chance of relieving himself unless he tells her that he needs to go. Already, the idea of relieving himself out here feels so undignified, not befitting a noble of his stature, but telling Shez about it, having someone else know what he’s doing would only make it that much worse for him, and he definitely doesn’t want to have to do that.

But how else is he going to make it through this without wetting himself?

Shez is completely oblivious to his predicament, still happily sipping the tea that he prepared, which he can no longer touch, not when he is this close to bursting. Even watching her drink makes his bladder throb, and he can’t sit still for long, not when she keeps tormenting him like this. Ferdinand can’t remember being so desperate in all his life, and it takes all that he has to keep tears from springing up in his eyes, with the strain of holding it. Is he going to have to admit his problem to her? He can’t imagine having enough time to make it all the way back when he is already in such bad shape, especially not with the way that his horse will jostle him.

All at once, he panics as he feels a spurt escape him, causing him to let out a sharp groan, hand darting to his lap. At the last second, he manages to stop himself from reflexively grabbing at his crotch, just as Shez looks at him, confusion and concern written on her face. Ferdinand bites his lip, trying to think of an explanation for his behavior even as she asks him what’s wrong, but he doesn’t have anything. His mind goes blank, his desperation making it impossible for him to think about anything other than wondering if the leak has left any noticeable wet spot on his pants. But he doesn’t dare look down, not wanting to call Shez’s attention to it if it has.

“Ferdinand?” When she calls his name, he realizes that he never answered her question to begin with, but when he opens his mouth, nothing comes out. He is too panicked to speak, and the more concerned she becomes, the more his face burns with embarrassment. What is he supposed to do now? Things have gone too far and he…

He can’t hold it. By the time he realizes it, it is already too late, and his panic grows, as does his utter humiliation, once he realizes that he is wetting himself. Right there, sitting with Shez, a dark spot is blooming on his pants, growing more and more, as his strained bladder empties, and the relief is so great that he almost feels good, until he takes in the look of pure shock on her face, as she finally processes what is happening to him.

2. in a rush- Pokemon Sword and Shield- Klara x Victor, female wetting

“Out of my way, out of my way,” Klara snaps, hissing a bit as she shoves her way past anyone blocking her right now. She is aware of just how ridiculous she must look, but at this point, she is very much aware of the fact that she could look a lot worse, and she is not in the mood to let something like that happen to her. It is one thing to be in this much of a frantic rush to get to the bathroom, but it is another thing entirely to be remember as the grown woman who wet herself because she could not get there in time.

It so figures that, once she decides to get serious about her training, that something like this might happen to her. She gets too distracted when she’s into it, and even loses track of time, which is how she has ended up in this predicament. By the time she realized that she had to pee, it was already getting pretty bad, and despite how fast she made it back to the dojo, it has only gotten worse, so much so that she is starting to doubt that she can make it. But of course she can, because she would never let something like that happen to her.

When she reaches the bathroom door, she is sure that this is the end of her battle, and that she is finally free. But just when she is about to open the door, someone else emerges, so quickly that neither of them have a chance to move out of the way. Victor bumps right into her, sending her back onto ass, where she immediately loses control and begins to piss herself.

The only reason that she’s able to make it out of this without her reputation completely ruined is the fact that she has a little something on Victor now too. The boner he pops after their little collision ensures his secrecy.

3. doubly beneficial- Genshin Impact- Ganyu x Aether, female desperation, piss drinking, mild sexual content

Ganyu is clearly agitated, in a way that is all too obvious to Aether. He has gotten good at reading her, and he knows exactly what she needs, whenever she needs it, just by studying the way that she is acting. So, while she might try and hide the fact that she has to pee from him, he can tell.

It makes sense, anyway. She is always so busy, and must have rushed to come be with him, since work made her run a bit late. Now, she is bursting and trying to keep her cool, looking for any chance to excuse herself, while a little nervous about doing so, just in case Aether is somehow upset with her for going off to the bathroom when she only just got there. As if he would ever care about something like that.

The only thing that he cares about, relating to her predicament, is how good she looks when she squirms. It could be fun to watch her struggle, but that’s a bit more sadistic than he feels comfortable with, so instead, he decides to offer her the relief that she craves, in a way that benefits him as well. He brings her to his teapot home, and before she has the chance to excuse herself to the bathroom, he takes her hand and leads her to his room, where he gets on his knees right away.

It flusters her, but she is too desperate to think too much about it, and Aether makes it worth her while by eating her out as soon as her bladder is empty, the taste of her urine still fresh in his mouth. Drinking her piss was even better than he could have imagined, and he can only hope that Ganyu enjoyed it as well, because he definitely hopes that they can do this again.

4. a show for her- Bleach- Toshiro x Rangiku, male omorashi, purposeful wetting for entertainment purposes

“Ugh…are you sure about this?” her captain asks, for what must be the millionth time, by Rangiku’s count. He is all squirmy and embarrassed, and still trying to see if he can get out of this, even though they both know that he wants this just as much as she does. He may regret admitting that he is into this sort of thing now, but the fact remains that he is into it.

“Yes, I’m sure. I want to watch you,” she replies, not willing to give him a chance to back out. If he really wanted to leave, he would, and if he is determined to, then he can. But she is not going to be the one to let him off the hook, when she knows that he is just a little nervous about what he has already said he wants to do for her. “Go on, you can do it. You’ll feel much better once you do, you know?”

Toshiro bites his lip, face reddening even more. He can tell that she is right, can tell that he is not going to be able to last much longer anyway, even if he does try to make a run for it. Instead of giving up now, he decides that he is just going to go through with it after all, not just for Rangiku’s entertainment, but because, deep down, he really does want to do this.

With a sigh, he lets go. It takes him a moment to be able to make it past that mental block that tries to stop him, but soon enough, he is able to relax his bladder, much to Rangiku’s delight. It is embarrassing, for sure, but it also feels so good to finally be able to let go, and he is every bit as turned on by the feeling of soaking his own clothing as he thought he would be. Perhaps even more so, and he knows that all of this was very worth it.

5. stuck in place- Burn the Witch- Balgo, male omorashi

Balgo shifts nervously from foot to foot, not sure how he’s going to make it out of this one. Hell, he isn’t even sure exactly how he made it into this one, only that he is definitely not going to last much longer, not at this rate. But his only option is to keep waiting, because he is definitely not going to be able to hold it until he gets home, so even if this line is way too long for him to deal with, it is still a better chance for him than heading back now.

That being said, it’s not a very good chance at all, because he has never had to pee this badly in all his life, at least not as far as he can recall. Time just got away from him, and Otsushi got away from him as well, which led to him wasting even more time, and now, he is at the back of this ridiculously long line just to get into a public bathroom, and he can hardly stand still, making it a bit too obvious that he’s in line for a reason.

Not that he cares, at this point. Because, at this point, anything is better than wetting himself, and that is the alternative to squirming about like some desperate child. He knows his limits and knows that he is nearing one of them, so he has to do whatever he can to make sure that he does not lose control, not yet.

It just hurts so bad, and he has definitely leaked at least once, maybe more than that. If he finds that there’s a wet spot on his boxers, he won’t be surprised in the slightest, but he’s trying to keep that from getting bad enough that it seeps into his pants. The line is moving way too slowly, and each time he is able to move forward, he prays that it won’t stop this time, but every time, he is left stuck in place, all over again. He is really about to burst, and if something about this situation doesn’t change soon, then he won’t be able to-

Balgo can’t hold it, as it turns out, and there is no longer any hope for him. Right there, standing in the middle of the line, he gives out, unable to stop it once it has started. Even when he tries grabbing at himself, the only thing he succeeds in doing is calling more attention to himself, as a dark patch blooms on the front of his pants, growing larger as the contents of his bladder spill out.

It’s a hopeless case, and all he can do is hang his head in shame. The line begins moving again while he’s still in the process of pissing himself, and those behind him just step past him, since it’s clear that he doesn’t need his place in line quite as urgently anymore. Instead, he needs to get home and get cleaned up, and pray he doesn’t run into anyone he knows- especially not Noel- along the way.

6. don't make a mess- Bleach- Orihime x Hachigen, female omorashi, piss drinking

“Don’t make a mess,” he says, though Orihime can’t make any promises at this point. She bites her lip and squirms, nodding as she tries to do as she has been told, but she does not know just how long she is going to be able to last at this point. Hachigen told her to keep holding it, but so far, he has not told her when, or even if, she will have his permission to finally empty her bladder.

At this rate, she’s pretty sure that she’s going to wet herself very soon, unless he changes his mind.

These are the sort of games that the two of them play together now. She never expected this from him, but then, she’d never really thought about any of these things before, not with anyone. Hachigen has some interesting hobbies, but Orihime has found them all to be fun. Even right now, as she sweats and worries, she is having fun. She likes the way that it feels to push herself, and, above all, she likes knowing that Hachi is having fun as well.

“You look like you’re struggling, princess,” he says, and she bites her lip. It must be pretty obvious that she’s at her limit, so she nods, not bothering to hide it. “Well, then, I guess that means you need my help. We can’t have you making a mess, after all?”

She had no idea that things were going to end like this, but she has no complaints, not in the slightest. Really, she would be happy with anything that gave her the relief she’s so desperately needed all this time, but she has to admit that pissing directly into his mouth, while he eagerly drinks it all down, moaning softly, making it clear that he loves it.

7. no time to pause- Fire Emblem: Awakening- Chrom x Cordelia, male omorashi

Chrom is fighting against this with all that he has, but he is not doing well, not at all. No matter how hard he tries to push himself onward, he knows that he is near his limit, and that’s not good, not good at all. He has been training a bit too hard today, not exactly an unusual occurrence for him, but then he had to attend a meeting, forgetting until the last minute, which meant that he had to sit through the whole meeting ignoring the ache in his bladder, because he only realized how badly he had to pee when he also realized he would be late to said meeting if he didn’t rush.

Now, he is just trying to get some privacy, before he loses control. He is half tempted to do it right here and now, but he is still too exposed, and if anyone happened upon him, then that would be-

As soon as he thinks that, he spots Cordelia coming his way. She looks down and starts to walk faster, as she tends to do when they happen upon each other, for whatever reason, but he’s glad that he didn’t decide to take the risk, no matter how bad things are. He certainly wouldn’t have wanted her to see him-

No, no!

As it turns out, it doesn’t matter what he does, because Cordelia is going to see him piss either way. He reflexively grabs himself through his pants, as if that could stop it now, but that just ensures that she looks at him. Once Cordelia realizes what is happening to him, it is as if she can’t look away from him, as opposed to most of the time, when she struggles to look at him at all. So she sees the way a dark patch spreads across his pants and sees the puddle that starts to grow at his feet, and of course sees how shocked and miserable he looks, the way that his face starts to turn red with his humiliation.

Even after his bladder is completely empty, he is still standing in that same pose, frozen in place with no idea what he is supposed to do now. Cordelia has not moved either, but he can only imagine what she must think of him now.

“Sorry that I…well, I’ve been a bit careless today, so I…” he starts, when he finally thinks of something, though he soon trails off.

“No, no! You don’t need to apologize to me!” At this point, Cordelia finally seems to know how to move and speak herself, and she is quick to speak her mind. “It’s not…you’ve been so busy lately, of course it’s understandable that…I mean…you do so much for everyone, so you should take better care of yourself, but I’m not scolding you or anything, I just…”

Despite the situation that he’s currently in, he can’t help but chuckle a bit at how she trips over her words. Cordelia is not the shy type, but with him, she often ends up tongue tied. He finds it quite endearing, and it’s enough to cheer him up a bit right now. Not only that, but he believes that she means what she says, and that she doesn’t actually think all that less of him.

Which means that the situation might not be nearly as bad as he initially thought. Still, that doesn’t mean he’s happy about this.

“Could you make sure not to mention this to anyone else?” he asks in a quiet voice, and immediately, she starts nodding.

“Of course! I wouldn’t anyway! But, I…if you need any help at all, I’m happy to help,” she offers. Though he hates to ask, he is glad to have her offer, glad that he doesn’t have to try and figure this out on his own, even though it’s hardly the sort of job most people would be volunteering for. And he’s glad that he gets to spend a bit more time with Cordelia.

8. watch this- Pokemon X and Y- Shauna x Serena, female omorashi and mild sexual content

“I want you to watch,” is all that Shauna has to say, and Serena is soon not able to take her eyes off of her. It does not take much to figure out what it is that she is trying to show off, with the way that she is squirming in place, unable to stand still for even a second. Ever since the two of them discussed what Serena is into, Shauna has been wanting to do something for her, to show her just how supportive she is.

Now, she can’t hold back for a second longer, jamming a hand between her legs as she hops from foot to foot. Serena can barely stand watching this, so into it all that she bites her lip hard. There is no way for Shauna to hold on at this point, having pushed herself to her very limit, and now, the only thing that she can do is let go, wetting herself in front of her girlfriend, to put on the sort of show that fits her tastes quite perfectly.

As she soaks her shorts, Serena just stares in amazement, finding it all so much better to be able to see something like this live and in person. It just makes her love it that much more, and makes her love Shauna that much more for being willing to do this for her. And, when Shauna’s bladder is completely empty, and she is standing in the puddle that she created, Serena can’t help but jump her.

9. searching for privacy- Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn- Sothe, male desperation,trans male character, barely making it

Sothe does his best, biting his lip hard to try and distract himself from the ache in his bladder. His group has been on the road for a while now, heading for another city, never able to stay anywhere for long. It is a long enough journey that it takes a toll on him, but not long enough that anyone else thinks it is worth it to take lengthy stops along the road. As long as Micaiah wants to keep going, then they are going to keep going.

The others in the group don’t mind calling for everyone to briefly stop, just so that they can run off the road and relieve themselves, but Sothe is not able to do that. Every time he even considers it, he freezes up. The other guys that follow his longtime friend aren’t shy around each other, not in the slightest, but Sothe could never piss in front of them. For one thing, that would involve cluing them into something that no one besides Micaiah knows, something that he’s a bit nervous about getting out.

So he doesn’t like to bring attention to the fact that he ever pees, because then he’s afraid someone might somehow bring up how they’ve never seen him do it before. Even knowing it’s silly to worry about it that much, he still can’t help but worry about. When he has to go on the road, he holds it until they make it where they’re going, which means that, right now, he’s absolutely bursting.

“Micaiah,” he says to her in a quiet voice, “I’ll meet up with you in a moment. I have some…business to take care of in the city, so…”

“Oh? Why didn’t you mention that before?” she asks. However, when she actually looks at him and is able to see how tense he is, the way he slightly bounces on his heels, his expression, and the way he is sweating a bit, her eyes widen, and she nods. “Oh, right, of course. I’ll see you soon!”

It’s humiliating that she has to know what’s wrong, but she knows him better than anyone else, in every regard, and he doesn’t have the time or ability to try and convince her it’s something else. In fact, he’s not even sure if he has time to get to a decent location to let this happen, but he moves as fast as he can to try and find enough privacy, knowing that he can’t get caught doing this, no matter what.

Sothe is lucky enough to find a secluded alleyway, and luckier still that he is able to get his pants down very quickly after he loses control, so that he only gets them a little bit damp, with no visible spot. Squatting to the ground, he sighs with relief as the contents of his bladder come gushing out, hissing as he forms a puddle beneath himself. This was definitely way too close of a call, but at least he can say he made it.

10. still too new- Bleach- Ulquiorra x Orihime, male omorashi

Ulquiorra still isn’t used to this; to the aching pressure in his bladder. He rarely drank anything before, and rarely in excess, but there are times when Aizen’s tea parties push him beyond his own limits. And, when that happens, he often does not realize until it is too late.

Until he is fidgeting in front of the prisoner, denying it even when she guesses what the problem is. He continues to deny it all the way up until the moment that he is losing control, wetting himself in front of her. Orihime, despite everything, remains decent about it all.

11. can't you hold it?- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Rodrigue, male omorashi

“Can’t you hold it?” Felix asks in an irritated voice. The fact that he has already figured out what the problem is is quite the embarrassment, but Rodrigue is doing his best to not let anything else about this situation get to him. He just wishes that he knew where he went wrong, and wishes even more than that that he could turn back time to that exact moment, so that he could do things a bit differently.

Right now, the army is on the march, and right now, Rodrigue has to piss so badly that it is really hard for him to think about anything else. With his bladder aching like this, he really does not know how he is supposed to keep dealing with it. There is no good reason to stop an army on the march, and if he were to stop on his own, he is sure that he would not get left too far behind, but how humiliating would that be? A grown man, old enough to be the king’s father, unable to hold his bladder until they reach their destination!

But Felix can tell that there is something wrong, which means that Rodrigue’s nerves have gotten too obvious. He supposes that it has become difficult to hide his frequent fidgets, but still, he had at least hoped that his own son would not be able to figure him out.

“Of course I can,” he says, even though he is honestly not too sure about that. But now that Felix has noticed him, what else can he do? It would be far too humiliating to let his son think that he actually can’t wait, but, unless he is actually able to hold it that long, he is going to make a fool of himself either way. It might be better to just deal with it now, rather than the other possibility for humiliation, especially considering the fact that he is pretty sure he is getting dangerously close to his limit.

When he feels a sharp pang of desperation, followed by a hot, wet spurt of piss escaping him, he knows that he has no choice, and that he has to head off the path right now. He doesn’t expect Felix to follow him, and is in such a hurry, he doesn’t even notice. That, and he’s trying not to pay attention to what’s going on behind him, because he doesn’t want to know what anyone thinks of him having to run off to piss right now.

Unfortunately, even when he thinks he has privacy, he doesn’t, because his son is there, and even when he thinks that he is going to make it, he doesn’t. Rodrigue is not able to get his pants out of the way before he begins pissing himself, groaning in disbelief as well as relief, the bliss of his bladder emptying honestly so good he can hardly resist enjoying it.

It is only when he hears Felix snap, “Seriously?!” that he remembers what he has done.

12. just a little further- Bleach- Orihime x Ulquiorra, female omorashi

“Are you going to be alright?” Ulquiorra asks, in a quiet voice. Though he doesn’t exactly have concern written all over his face, Orihime knows how to read him well enough by now that she can tell he is worried about her.

Which is exactly why she says, “I’ll be fine! We aren’t too far from home, so I can wait until then.” And she’s sure that she can, even if she has to pee pretty badly already. The park bathroom that she wanted to use is closed for cleaning right now, and though she could search local businesses for another public bathroom, the easiest thing to do would probably head on home. At least then, Ulquiorra will not have to worry even more, should she fail to find anywhere to go.

The two of them have had a lovely date, with her Arrancar boyfriend doing a much better job at blending in than she could have anticipated. There’s no sense in ruining such a great day by complaining too much about how full her bladder is, when she was the one who kept going for refills in the first place. Each step is her own miniature agony, but nevertheless, Orihime has already decided that she is going to be just fine.

It feels like home is far away, but it isn’t all that far, and if she keeps her mind off of things, then she won’t even notice how badly she has to pee. Except she might need to focus, if she really wants to keep holding it. Still, that doesn’t mean that it has to be hard for her, or that she is in any sort of trouble. She’s not a little girl anymore, after all!

Still, she wishes that it were at least a little bit easier to handle right now, with each step jostling her in such a way that she worries she might leak. Actually, she may or may not have already leaked a few times by now, but her panties are still just damp, so she doesn’t have to worry about it showing. Unless she leaks enough that it soaks through, but she isn’t allowing herself to think that negatively.

The two of them are so close now that there’s no way she won’t make it. She keeps repeating that in her mind as if it will change what has already begun, but try as she might, there is nothing that she can do to stop it from happening, and right outside her home, no less. It is while Orihime is frantically searching for the key that her bladder finally gives out, the relief so overwhelming that it is almost easy to forget that she’s peeing herself, right now, in front of Ulquiorra.

Of course, while she has to cope with the humiliation she feels as a result of that, Ulquiorra has his own internal battle, wondering why the hell he is so hard right now.

13. if it weren't for cheryl- Pokemon Diamond and Pearl- Lucas x Cheryl, male omorashi

Lucas would not be having this problem if he were alone right now, but he can’t very well admit to how badly he needs to pee with Cheryl right here. And he would not want to do anything to get rid of Cheryl, even if that would make the whole situation a lot easier on his bladder, because, well, Cheryl.

Lucas does not think he has ever met anyone as pretty as her, so of course, he can’t help but feel blessed that she is here with him, eager to travel alongside him throughout the forest. It’s not an opportunity he is going to squander, and certainly not for something as pathetic as needing to pee. Even if he really, really needs to go right now, to the point that it hurts. He is not sure how much longer he can hold it, but still he feels compelled to keep pushing himself.

It is getting to the point that walking is difficult now, and multiple times, Cheryl has asked him if he is alright- multiple times, she has given him a good opportunity to excuse himself behind a distance tree, and each time, like an idiot, he has squandered it, making it that much harder to lean into it the next time that she asks. At this point, he has completely set himself up for failure, so there really should not be any surprise when he finally loses control.

After every chance he has had, with nothing reasonably holding him back from just going, Lucas is pissing himself, in front of the very girl he was trying to look cool in front of. No doubt, Cheryl will just see him as a hopeless little kid now…

Though that is accurate, he does not yet realize that is actually a positive.

14. cutting it too close this time- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Penny x Juliana, female omorashi

For the most part, Penny is glad to be able to be back at school, and to actually be able to enjoy herself there, with friends she can count on and no need to fear. However, there are still some things that are difficult for her, between memories of what she went through before catching up to her, and little insecurities, small worries that make the simplest of tasks seem difficult for her.

Penny does not like going to the bathroom outside of the privacy of her dorm room, and that can be a problem sometimes. Or, rather, a lot of times. She has had way too many close calls, and situations where she’s simply had to give in and face her fears. Even knowing what could happen, and even knowing it’s never as bad as she makes it out to be, she still puts herself through it, time and again.

That is how she ends up in another situation like today, barely able to sit still because of the way that her bladder is throbbing. She doesn’t want to, but she already knows that she’s going to have to use a school bathroom after class, even though classes will be done for the day. There’s no way that she will be able to make it to her dorm, no way at all.

Juliana keeps shooting concerned looks at her, which makes it all the more embarrassing. She’s probably already figured Penny out, and because of how close they are, she already knows exactly why Penny would be nervous about this. Her pity doesn’t make it any less embarrassing- if anything, it just makes the embarrassment that much worse, but there is nothing Penny can do to disguise her need right now. All she can do is try to ignore Juliana’s glances, until finally, class is over, and she is able to quickly stand up and hurry out of the room, as fast as she can go in her current state.

Penny has never had to pee this badly in all her life, and she can feel herself leaking, much to her horror. She can’t afford to go any slower, but she also can’t afford to leak so much that it’s visible on her leggings. Her panic grows more by the second, until she realizes that there just isn’t any getting out of this for her. She has officially pushed herself too far, and now the only thing she can do is hide away to try and minimize the consequences.

But of course Juliana has been right behind her all this time, her concern leading her to try and see how things would conclude, so when Penny ducks into the most secluded alcove she can find, Juliana is right there with her, to witness the moment of her humiliating accident.

It feels so good to let it all out that Penny almost forgets to be miserable- almost, but not quite. This is still plenty humiliating enough to override any feelings of relief, so she has her priorities straight there. But, then again, so does Juliana, and so Penny does not find herself ridiculed, or even once get the sense that Juliana is secretly disgusted with her.

Instead, she just gets help from a good friend in making sure that no one else witnesses her humiliation, and the vague notion that Juliana might actually be more than just a ‘good friend.’

15. desperate on a date- Bleach- Masaki x Isshin, female omorashi

“I’m sorry, I should have said something sooner,” Masaki says, face burning from her embarrassment. “I just really didn’t think it’d be so bad that I couldn’t make it home…”

“You’ll be able to make it, don’t worry!” Isshin assures her. “But, either way, don’t worry about it. We might still find a bathroom yet.”

Masaki has had to pee for a while now, but said nothing about it, because the only bathroom she found while the two of them were out was closed for cleaning. She thought then that she should just wait until their date was over, but now, she’s absolutely bursting. Of course, now they’re walking in a residential area, so the odds of them actually finding another public bathroom on their way are pretty slim, but at least Isshin is still trying to look.

He’s always willing to do just about anything for her, the sort of guy that it’s all too easy to fall in love with. Right now, though, she doesn’t have much room to think about the way that he makes her feel, when she is far more concerned about what he’s going to think of her if she wets herself in front of him like a little girl. She tries to be mature, she really does, but then, stupid little things like this happen to her, and-

“No, no, not yet!” she whines, stopping short as she feels a spurt escape her. Isshin stops as well, concern clear on his face, but no matter how she tries, Masaki can’t press on. “I’m sorry, please, I tried my best-”

“Masaki, don’t apologize!” he interrupts. Even though she’s standing there in front of him, piss running down her legs like a child, he still gives her that same smile. “You’re gonna be okay, alright?”

16. he is not that weak- Pokemon Masters- Lear x Bettie, male omorashi

Lear isn’t going to say a word about this, because Lear isn’t the sort to show weakness. Not in front of anyone, but especially not in front of one of his greatest rivals of all time. It does not matter how unassuming Bettie might appear to be on the outside, because he knows all too well just how fearsome she really is. Not only at Pokemon battling, but also at setting him completely off balance.

Why else would he be out on a date with her otherwise? He still doesn’t know what possessed her to ask him such a thing, and definitely not what possessed him to go along with it, but now, the two of them are actually having a somewhat decent time together. The only thing that is starting to interrupt the good times is the annoying, nagging little throb in Lear’s bladder, making it nearly impossible for him to go more than a few minutes without thinking about it.

It stands to reason that he would need to pee right now. The two of them went somewhere to eat on their date, as couples tend to do, and he did have something to drink at that time. It’s been quite a while since then, and the two of them have done so much, so it only makes sense that his bladder has filled in that time. It wouldn’t even be odd for him to excuse himself to the bathroom right now, but he isn’t going to say a word.

Lear isn’t the sort of weak person who asks for a bathroom break first, especially not when they’re not exactly in one of the more residential areas of Pasio right now. If there were a bathroom right in front of them, it might be a different story, but right now, he won’t bring up his need unless Bettie brings up her own first. Unfortunately, she shows no signs of discomfort that might indicate her needing to pee even half as badly as he does right now.

So he’s just going to have to keep holding it, even though it has gotten so bad now that each step he takes leaves him in greater and greater pain. Has he ever had to pee this badly before? But he’s not weak, not weaker than her for sure, and he will not be the first to admit that he has to pee. Even if it means holding it far beyond what he should be able to handle, even if it means enduring excruciating pain, he will not admit it, not if she hasn’t.

Unfortunately, this also means losing control, something else that he has no control over right now. He never said a word about his need, true, but that now means that he has to live with the fact that he pissed himself like a little boy, on his very first date with a girl that he has always desperately wanted to impress.

17. don't be so stubborn- Bleach- Hiyori x Love, female omorashi

“You know, if something’s bothering you, or you need to stop for any reason, you can just say so. You don’t have to keep fussing all quiet and hope for me to notice,” Love says, so nonchalant that Hiyori could miss out on the meaning behind his words, if she were paying less attention right now.

Unfortunately, her bladder is throbbing so much at the moment that she is far too aware of everything that goes on around her, as if every little thing only serves to further add to her pain. But like hell she’s going to tell Love something like that! What kind of baby gets desperate to pee on a simple outing like this, and can’t even make it back? Not her, that’s for damn sure.

“Learn to mind your own business!” she snaps. “And besides, there’s nothing wrong anyway. You suck at reading people, Love!”

“Whatever you say,” he replies, rolling his eyes. There’s part of her that almost wishes he would push more, but she shelves that thought immediately, not allowing herself to accept the fact that she is way too desperate right now, that she is nearing her limit. She has put no effort into finding a bathroom, and now it seems like she might not have any options besides holding it.

Which would be fine if she were actually as capable of holding it in as she acts like she is, but that really isn’t the case for her. In fact, she’s been at her limit for a while now, so despite acting tough, her panties are already damp, and she keeps leaking, no matter how she may try to stop that.

But with how she normally behaves, Love isn’t all that surprised when she loses control, wetting herself not far from home.

18. not the best way to keep warm- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Penny x Giacomo, mutual omorashi

“Come on, Penny, hurry up,” Giacomo says, bouncing in place as he shivers. The fact that they can both see their breath is proof that it’s cold enough to warrant the amount of movement he’s making right now, but she knows that’s not the only reason. They’ve been out for a while together, and now that they’re back home, her boyfriend is absolutely bursting to pee.

“I’m going as fast as I can,” she mumbles, hands shaking as she searches for her fluffy keychain, big enough that her keys should be easy to find in any bag. It takes her a bit this time, as if the universe itself has it out for Giacomo and his bladder.

Finally, though, she produces her keys, and goes to unlock the door. After a few seconds of trying, unable to believe what’s happening, she finally has to break the news to Giacomo.

“Uh…I think the lock is frozen.”

“Don’t tell me that.” Giacomo looks at her with a completely deadpan expression on his face. “Penny, do not tell me that right now.”

Shrugging, she says, “I’m sorry, but-”

All at once, he jams a hand between his legs, holding himself like a grade schooler and whining, “I’m gonna piss my pants, Penny! Can’t you thaw it?!”

“At least you’ll be warm-”

“Not funny!”

“We can see if a neighbor has some hot water to-”

“Do not talk about water right now.”

“I don’t know how else we’re going to melt the ice.”

No amount of bickering can delay the inevitable, and he breaks off mid-sentence to groan and to protest, but it’s simply too late for him. Panicking in the moment, the only thing Penny can think to do to try and cheer him up is piss herself as well. She’s had to pee the whole time as well, just not nearly as bad as him, so she didn’t mention it.

But now, Giacomo stands in front of her, looking like he might cry because he’s just wet himself, and the only thing Penny can think to do is empty her bladder as well, relief and warmth washing over her all at once. Her leggings are completely soaked through, as Giacomo stares at her in complete shock.

“Penny?!” he finally manages to get out.

“See? I told you it’d make you warm,” she replies, her face going red as she finally realizes what she’s just done.

“Yeah, at first, and then you’ll be freezing.” Giacomo shakes his head. “Now how’re we gonna ask one of your neighbors for hot water?”

Shit.

19. interrupted personal day- Bleach- Lisa x Shunsui, female omorashi with intentional desperation at first

Getting summoned by her captain when she was supposed to have time to herself is not Lisa’s preferred turn of events, but she sincerely hopes this will be over with quickly. She has to pee so desperately right now that there’s no telling how long she can last, but she wanted to be that desperate today. The whole plan for her day was to fill her bladder to the limit, and hold it until she could not anymore.

It’s true that she could have peed before leaving, but she doesn’t want to throw away her plans if she doesn’t have to. All she has to do is finish a few quick tasks for Kyoraku, then she can be on her way, and enjoy the rest of her hold. If she’s able to hold it that long, which seems less likely by the moment, but still she tells herself that she can do it.

She’s too far gone to keep completely still, but she does try to be subtle about the way she fidgets. Not subtle enough, though, because her captain catches on. She does not realize that at first, when he keeps her in his office after her work is done, talking with her. It’s only after she processes just how pointless the topics are that she realizes he’s trying to stall her, trying to keep her here to see what happens.

What a pervert…

Well, if that’s what this old pervert wants, then that’s what he’s going to get. Lisa makes a show of it, squirming more and more throughout their conversation, and he becomes more obvious in the way that he stares at her. Until, finally, she jams a hand between her legs, pressing her skirt to her, as she lets go, wetting herself in her captain’s office.

20. eri miscalculates- Pokemon Scarlet and Violet- Eri x Florian, female omorashi

Eri is not going to stop now, not when the two of them have made so much progress. It does not matter how badly she has to go, she’s strong enough to ignore that, at least for a little while longer. Florian has been such a good student so far, so she at least owes it to him to finish his wrestling lesson before she goes running off to the bathroom. Besides, once again, she should be strong enough to just be able to hold it.

That is the thought process that keeps her going as they spar, enough though each jostle of her bladder makes her panic a bit. Despite all the distraction that offers, though, she at least has so much experience on Florian that he is never able to get any sort of advantage over her. She can continue to show off for him even when she is this nervous about how badly she needs to pee.

Perhaps this makes her get a little too confident. Even with her bladder constantly reminding her of how badly she needs to go, she can still get caught up in her desire to impress Florian, and then she forgets for a little bit that she needs to be careful. That’s what leads to her pinning him down, and that move proves to be the worst mistake she could make right now.

At least, she thinks it is a mistake, as her bladder at last gives in, and she wets herself while right on top of Florian. It seems like something that will completely ruin her chances with the boy, but then, she realizes that is not so, whens he feels the way that his erection digs up into her, even while soaked in her piss. Or, perhaps, because of that.

*001*2023-11-11 22:29

1. library studying- Fire Emblem: Three Houses- Sylvain x Lysithea, female omorashi

“You obviously have to pee right now,” Sylvain says, awfully bold for a man who has every reason to fear for his life. After all, it is Lysithea that he is saying this to, and she has already denied, multiple times, that there is anything wrong. Even so, he can still tell that there is a problem, and he knows exactly what that problem is.

“No, I’m fine,” she snaps, biting her lip and not looking up from the book she is reading. Until her face turns red, as his words sink in, and she looks up at him, opening her mouth, ready to scream at him for having the nerve. She must remember that they’re in the library just in time, though, because she closes it. The two of them have been studying together for a long time, and she has been squirming for a while now.

“Just go on, take a quick break and then come right back,” he says, not seeing what the big deal is. There’s no need to be so shy about it around him, though he has to admit that it’s adorable to see her like this, all flushed and needy…it’s actually hard not to connect her desperation to a very different sort of scenario, and he wonders if he might be discovering a new kink, all because Lysithea is too proud to go to the bathroom.

It is only a few moments after this brief conversation that she suddenly stands up, a look of pure panic on her face, as she realizes that she really can’t make it like this. And, bad as it is for him to think this, he quite enjoys the show when she only makes it a few steps, before losing control and wetting herself in the library.

2. bill's house- Pokemon Let's Go Pikachu & Eevee- Elaine x Bill, female omorashi

Elaine’s knees keep shaking, no matter how she tries to get them to stop. More than anything, she knows that she needs to ask Bill where the bathroom is, but he is so excited as he talks to her about everything in his home and lab, and she gets shy even admitting to such a need.

The fact that she stopped in this house at all had a lot to do with how badly she needed to pee, but she quickly got swept away in helping this man, and now, she’s bursting. She’s sure that he would let her use his bathroom, but if she can’t get up the nerve to ask, then she at least needs to find her chance to leave, so that she can find a bush outside. Still, she can’t bring herself to say it, made all the more shy by just how handsome she finds this man.

That should be all the more reason to not want to turn into a squirming, desperate mess in front of him, but instead, it just becomes a reason to hold back, letting her need get worse and worse as he rambles, oblivious. If he weren’t so caught up in his side of the conversation, he might have noticed her desperation by now, and even though she would die of embarrassment if he did, at least then, he might offer his bathroom to her, since she is clearly incapable of asking that simple question herself.

But he doesn’t notice, and her bladder can only take so much, and before she ever figures out what she wants to say, it is already too late for her. The only thing that saves her from devastating humiliation is the way Bill looks at her, flushed and fascinated, when her shorts are soaked.

3. disrespected time- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Grusha x Juliana, male omorashi

Grusha really doesn’t like feeling like his time isn’t respected. That’s a part of why he can’t stand Geeta, but he can’t do anything about it, because otherwise, he might be risking his position as a gym leader. Since he can’t risk that, he can’t say no when she shows up out of the blue, the newest champion in tow, and declares that the two of them need to battle while she observes.

She doesn’t even give him a reason for it, probably doesn’t even think that she needs to. Not only that, but she doesn’t give him nearly enough time to prepare, which means that he doesn’t have time to go to the bathroom before he’s expected on the battle court, where Juliana waits for him. Her face lights up as soon as she lays eyes on him- honestly, she doesn’t have to make her crush on him so obvious. The fact that Grusha thinks it’s cute, that he thinks she’s cute, only makes that, and this whole situation, all the more irritating.

Fuck, he really needs to piss right now. Why does Geeta have to spring this sort of stuff on him, and expect him to drop everything just because she showed up? He has to worry about performing well enough to impress her, on top of worrying about the way his bladder throbs, and the way the cold air definitely doesn’t help with that. He almost wishes for Juliana to beat him effortlessly, just to get this over with.

His pride as a gym leader, and his need to keep that position, keep him from putting forth no effort, and even though he wants this battle to end quickly more than anything, he still gives it his all, even as his bladder throbs and aches and begs for relief. He stands with his legs pressed tightly together, hoping that his audience blames his stance and his movements on how cold it is, not guessing at the fact that he’s struggling not to wet himself.

The battle drags on, and he isn’t sure if that’s just because he’s impatient, or if it’s genuinely taking forever, but by the time he’s Terastalizing his final Pokemon, he knows he’s about to burst, any minute now. He’s going to lose the battle, which is expected and not a problem so long as he puts up a decent fight, so now, it’s just a matter of letting Juliana finish things off.

She does, but not soon enough.

He realizes, in horror, that it’s already too late just as he’s putting Altaria back in the Pokeball. Juliana is stepping forward to shake his hand, but Grusha is frozen in place, a sudden warmth cutting through the cold as he loses control and begins to piss himself. It all begins to gush out of him, with no chance of stopping it, until the stain begins to spread on his pale blue pants, running down his leg. He can even see the moment that Juliana realizes what’s happening, when her friendly smile turns to an expression of pure shock.

A murmur goes through the crowd, as more and more people notice, and Grusha stares at the ground, not daring to look up, and certainly not daring to look at Geeta.

4. ready to lash out- Bleach- Cirucci, female omorashi

Cirucci grits her teeth, ready to tear someone’s hair out- not her own, of course- if she’s made to wait even a moment longer. This is definitely one of the worst parts of her new life- the fact that she still has to deal with basic needs, just the same as she did when she was alive as a human, and alive again as a Hollow. Even as a zombie, she doesn’t get any sort of undead advantages, and so, when she has too much to drink, she ends up desperate to pee, just like anybody else.

But she has experiments to carry out, and has been denied breaks when she asked for them. She would ask again, even demand that the pervert in charge let her go, but she knows what he does when she and the others act out. An electric shock is not what her bladder needs right now, so her only option is holding it in. It doesn’t help that this experiment is both involved and mundane- it’s basically just standard Soul Reaper training, but carried out by Arrancar zombies, so that Kurotsuchi can record the results for whatever weird purpose he may have.

And, all the while, Cirucci is denied a break while her bladder continues to ache for relief. She grits her teeth, and she fantasizes about getting revenge that will never be possible, but none of that makes it any easier, and none of that stops it from finally happening. Cirucci pisses herself like some pathetic little girl in the middle of her training, very much aware of the others watching, not daring to say a word, though she won’t be surprised if Luppi has something to say later.

As for her, she’s no longer afraid to speak her mind about this position.

5. she just keeps pushing- Bleach- Soi Fon x Marechiyo, female omorashi

“Captain, is something bothering you?”

Trust Marechiyo to just come out and ask something like that, when Soi Fon was hoping no one would notice or point it out. Of course, it’s not like he can read her mind to know that she doesn’t want him to mention it, because, if he could, he’d already know what was bothering her. Instead, he’s clueless enough to not be able to piece together the problem, but still attentive enough to be able to tell that there’s a problem at all.

“Nothing, mind your own business,” she snaps, sounding even nastier than she usually gets with him.

If she had a chance to take a break, everything would be fine, but she’s been busy all day, run ragged by her captain duties. She’s nearly done with everything that she’s had to see to today, which is good, because she’s had to pee for hours now, so badly at this point that she is in quite a lot of pain. Her lieutenant babbling in her ear, trying to check on her, is only making the whole situation that much worse for her. How much longer is she going to be able to last, at this rate?

“It’s just, you’ve been really on edge for a while, even more than usual- wait, please don’t hit me! I’m just telling the truth, so you have no right to be mad!”

“I just said to mind your own business, but here you go, still sticking your ass where it doesn’t belong!”

“Leave my ass out of this! What’s so wrong with caring about my captain?”

“Just shut up!” She’s getting sharper by the second, unable to take it anymore. Her bladder is so full, and that makes everything going on around her that much more irritating. Truth be told, she’s only snappy with Marechiyo because of that, whereas usually, she’s snappy with him because that’s much easier than acknowledging the fact that she actually rather-

Her guard must be very low due to her desperation, for her to almost admit her true feelings to herself. She isn’t going to make it, but she’s so close to done that she can’t bring herself to stop, especially if Marechiyo would know what she was taking a break for. Her pride wins out every time, even though the rational part of her mind knows exactly what it is that she is walking into.

It really isn’t that much of a surprise when she finally loses control, though she still manages to be distraught and humiliated, when she freezes in place and begins wetting herself, like some helpless little girl. And it is definitely a surprise to Marechiyo, who would never expect to see his captain in such a situation, not in a million years. The relief is great, but that doesn’t do anything to make her feel better. She doubts anything will, not even yelling at Marechiyo, but is willing to try that last one all the same.

“Here, Captain! Let me finish the rest of your work for you,” he offers quickly, before she has the chance. “Unless you need help cleaning up? Uh, whatever you need!”

6. can't you just...?- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Atticus x Juliana, male omorashi

“There’s a tree right over there. You aren’t going to use it?”

To even hear Juliana make a suggestion like that sees Atticus turning a bright shade of red. Thankfully, his face is mostly concealed, but still, that does not help much in a situation as humiliation as this. For one thing, it’s bad enough that she already knows that he has to pee; for another, it is made all the worse to have her ask him something like that.

The two of them have spending more time together lately, and he’s been rather hopeful about the direction they’re going in. Spending a day out looking for Pokemon for a project was supposed to be a way to bring them closer. Now, Atticus is more worried about his bladder than anything else, though worrying about what Juliana thinks of him is a close second.

“I…my lady, I could never-”

“Don’t worry about me! It’s not like I’m gonna look, or anything.”

Oh, if only it were that simple. But, whether she is looking or not, Atticus just can’t do it like that- and, even if he could, it turns out to already be too late to avoid wetting himself.

7. scatterbrained jacq- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Jacq, male omorashi

Standing in front of his class, Jacq sweats and taps his foot from time to time, overall doing his best to hide his discomfort. It’s been a busy morning, far too busy for a scatterbrained man like him to hope to handle, and because of that, the large amount of coffee that he had to drink before class has caught up with him, leaving him desperate to pee as he watches the clock and tries to lecture.

If he were more organized, he would’ve remembered to go before class started, but he was caught up doing something else, and it slipped his mind so completely that he did not even realize he needed to go until class was already underway, and his bladder was already absolutely throbbing. Now, it is just a matter of making it until the bell rings, and praying that he does not lose control in front of his students.

However, by the time the end of class rolls around, things have gotten dire for Jacq. He returns to his desk the instant he can, so that he can sit behind something, a hand pressed to his lap, his legs shaking, while he waits for his students to file out. As much as he wants to make a run for it, he has a free period next, and would rather make his desperate dash to the bathroom when the hallways are empty.

That idea turns out to be his downfall. If he’d made a run for it without caring what anyone thought of him, he might have still made it, but once the next bell has rung, Jacq finds that he is too desperate to even stand. He has no choice but to wet himself at his desk, wondering how he’s going to get out of this.

8. overdue paperwork- Bleach- Rangiku x Toshiro, female omorashi

No breaks until she has made her way through all of her overdue paperwork. That is what Toshiro said, and Rangiku knows that he’s serious about it. It isn’t the first time he’s used this punishment for her, and she learned the hard way before that there truly is no way out of it.

Even knowing this, she doesn’t take it nearly as seriously as she should. After all, she should have known to be careful about her hydration, because now she isn’t even halfway done with the paperwork, and she has to pee so badly that she can’t stand it.

Toshiro watches her work, and will not show her any mercy, she already knows. If she tries to escape, she won’t be able to, which means that she’s stuck here. She definitely knows better than to ask for a bathroom break, having learned from experience that he simply will not listen to any excuses she might make to get away.

Rangiku’s only choice is to try and get through this, but the pile never seems to get any smaller, and the longer she waits, the worse her focus gets. Soon enough, she isn’t able to focus at all, her desperation so great that it’s all she can focus on.

“Captain, I’m sorry, but I can’t hold it anymore!” she cries as she quickly stands up, deciding that his wrath is worth it if she can just get her relief.

That turns out to be too big of an “if,” however; as soon as she starts to move, her control is already lost. Making matters worse is her captain telling her he would have let her go, had she asked. Making them slightly better is the way he fails to hide his arousal at the sight of Rangiku wetting herself.

9. she still makes mistakes- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Ryme x Juliana, female omorashi

Even after all these years, Ryme still makes her mistakes from time to time. Though she’s got the experience to be able to avoid mistakes more often than not, she still sometimes finds herself in such a rush that she has to skip over some very important parts of her routine, if she is going to give her show as planned. Tonight is one such night, and she may or may not have allowed herself to end up in a rush because she’s been distracted by another mistake she keeps making lately.

Juliana is way too young for her, but way too cute and way too into her, and since she’s here tonight, Ryme spends too much time with her before she’s meant to go onstage, and has to skip over going to the bathroom. Not exactly a good thing, but she doesn’t realize that until much too late to do anything about it.

With her concert nearly halfway over and her bladder absolutely bursting, she knows her only choice is to keep pretending like everything is fine, and hold it to the end. Always, she feels like a complete idiot for ending up in situations like this one, when she should have known better, should have been able to prevent it. That Juliana is clearly no good for her, but as cute as can be.

In the end, Ryme does at least make it backstage, where Juliana is waiting for her. Her face of shock is pretty damn cute, and that is what she wears as Ryme leans back against the closed door, sighing as she gives up control. There was no way she could make it, not even as close as she is right now, so she just has to deal with her girlfriend watching her piss herself.

10. when in snowpoint- Pokemon Diamond & Pearl- Maylene, female omorashi

Maylene never bundles up when she goes up to Snowpoint City, because she wants to train her body’s endurance. How can she call herself strong if she can’t withstand this cold? Of course, the cold has another effect on her, one that almost has her wishing that she had bundled up, if only it meant that this would be easier for her to deal with.

She just really needs to pee right now, and every chill that she gets only makes that worth. If she is not careful, she is going to wet herself before she reaches any sort of building where she can go inside and go to the bathroom. It is not too far off now, but her bladder is really throbbing, and the cold winds are picking up.

In the end, she is not able to hold it that long, no matter how hard she may try to fight. Just when she is within the city’s limits, her bladder finally gives out, and she begins to wet herself, the crotch of her pale sweatpants quickly going dark as she fully empties her bladder. The relief feels so good for a moment, made all the better by the temporary warmth, but she knows better than to fall for that.

After all, she now has to deal with the humiliation of walking through town in soaking pants, with everyone who looks at her able to tell that she was not able to hold her bladder. On top of that, though, with these cold winds, it will not take long for the warm pee to cool, and then grow absolutely frigid, making her that much colder.

Wetting herself in Snowpoint City is the absolute worst, and not something that Maylene would wish on even her worst enemy, no matter what.

11. she does her best to help him- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Atticus x Eri, male omorashi, trans male character

“You know I can’t go in there!” Atticus hisses. For once, he is so frantic that he completely drops his act. Eri cocks her head, confused.

“But it’s the bathroom?”

“Yes, but it’s the boy’s bathroom.”

“Yeah, and you’re a boy, so…oh, wait. Sorry, I get it.” Eri pauses awkwardly, regretting her words and wondering what she can do to help her friend. She noticed him getting all fidgety during class, and discovered that he’s been desperate to pee for most of the day because he forgot to go before leaving his dorm room. Now, he’s on the verge of wetting himself.

But there are factors at play that make him self-conscious about using public bathrooms, and Eri knows that well enough that she probably shouldn’t have said anything of the sort. Either way, though, he has no time to make it to his next class if he has to go back to the dorms to pee. And so…

“Looks like we’re ditching class!” Before Atticus has a chance to react, she scoops him up in her arms and makes in the direction of the dorms. Even as he cries out in surprise, she does not slow down for a second, not wanting to waste a single second.

Finally, she reaches her own dorm room, just a little bit closer than his. As soon as she throws open the door, she sets Atticus down on shaky legs. As soon as he is able to move, he quickly makes his way into the bathroom. Eri feels relieved for him, but after she waits for a moment, she does not hear anything from the bathroom, not even the toilet flushing.

The door isn’t closed when she approaches, and Atticus stands in the middle of a puddle. Clearly, he didn’t make it.

12. from somewhere beyond the clouds- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Arven x Juliana, mutual omorashi

They’re definitely lost, even though neither of them wants to admit it just yet. No matter how they try to follow the maps on their phones, they just keep getting turned around. With how far the two of them have come in their search for the various Herba Mystica, neither want to give up when they’re so close to what should be the location of the next one.

The only problem is that both Arven and Juliana really need to pee right now, and neither one of them wants to admit that to the other. Instead, they both suffer in silence out in the middle of nowhere, with no way to find an excuse to go without directly bring up what the problem really is.

For Arven, this happens all too frequently; he doesn’t know why, but he’s never been the best at remembering to go to the bathroom at opportune times, and on top of that, he has a feeling that his bladder is way smaller than it should be for someone of his size. If he were by himself, it might not be as much of a problem, but he isn’t, and he’s far too embarrassed to tell Juliana that he needs to find somewhere to pee.

Juliana could kick herself for having so much to drink without thinking about how long she would be out here, with Arven. She already doesn’t like peeing outside, but she especially doesn’t like the idea of telling the upperclassman that she has a huge crush on that she needs to pee. Instead, she just hopes that she can hold it long enough, even though that already seems impossible, with how desperate she is, and how they’re still hopelessly lost.

“I think if we keep going in this direction, we should be able to find a Pokemon Center…”

“But is that where the mountains get really bad? We can’t go straight through, if so.”

“I think there might be a path…”

“You said that last time we got turned around, but there wasn’t a path!”

It’s been like this for a while now, both getting more agitated as their bladders protest that much longer, but they still both know this is not worth attacking the other over. Instead, they agree this lead is better than nothing, and start off in that direction, both still trying to ignore the throbbing of their bladders.

Juliana is near tears, but doing her best to hold them back. She’s never had to pee this badly in her life, and her panties are already damp from all the times she’s leaked, unable to stop it. She’s starting to become panicked, but even more panicked than her is Arven, who knows his limits well, and knows that he is already nearly past them. He’s going to have to confess his need to Juliana soon, but try as he might, he can’t bring himself to say the words.

His bladder does not have that kind of patience, and it’s over too soon. Arven lets out a helpless little yelp, reflexively going to hold between his legs, even though it’s too late for that humiliating act to do him any sort of good. All he does is demand that much more attention from Juliana, in his moment of humiliation.

The relief feels so good that he can almost forget her standing there, but the look of surprise turning to pity is enough to keep him fully grounded in this embarrassing reality. As his bladder empties, he can think of nothing to say to her, and so, silence hangs in the air as he soaks through his pants.

Then, all at once, Juliana lets out a whimper, and her own hand darts between her legs. Arven is the one left with an expression of shock, as he watches Juliana soak her shorts, the stain spreading across them rapidly. She had to pee as well? And she couldn’t hold it either? Arven doesn’t know how to describe the way that he feels right now, but it’s not a bad feeling at all.

Juliana might have been able to hold it a bit longer, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to find a bathroom, and the instant she saw Arven lose control, she knew what she had to do. Making sure that he didn’t feel alone just felt like the most important thing at the time, though she didn’t expect it to feel this good.

Now, they have a bit to talk about, and much more to think about.

13. it's just cold- Pokemon Legends: Arceus- Laventon x Akari, male omorashi

Work Text:

“Is there something wrong, professor?” Akari asks. “You’re shaking a lot…do you not feel well?”

“No, it’s not that. I’m just c…cold, that’s all,” Laventon replies, his voice wavering a bit even as he speaks. There is a little chill in the air, enough for her to believe his excuse at first, but that isn’t what has him shaking like this. He isn’t shivering at all, but rather, trembling because he has to pee very badly, but hasn’t had a chance to relieve himself with Akari at his side.

He won’t until they make it back to the village. Knowing that, it’s impossible not to be nervous, because that’s a very long walk, and Laventon is quite desperate. His best option is to overcome his nerves and excuse himself here and now, but he’s a gentleman, damn it! Even saying such a thing to a lady, let alone doing something like that where he might be within earshot…even if he weren’t already a bit too interested in her, it would be unthinkable.

So he continues to hold it, even when it becomes clear that he is nearing his limit much faster than he is nearing the village. From time to time, Akari looks like she wants to question him again but doesn’t, and he knows that it’s becoming all the more obvious that he isn’t just cold. But she doesn’t ask, and he doesn’t speak up about needing privacy, not even when he is right there on the edge of wetting himself.

Naturally, he ends up doing exactly that, while Akari is right there with him. He groans and gasps and whimpers, and even tries holding himself at the last second, though that does nothing but add to his humiliation, as he soaks his pants. Some gentleman!

14. tinkering until...- Pokemon Diamond and Pearl- Volkner, male omorashi

Volkner gets pretty carried away when he’s tinkering with his machines, working hard to accomplish whatever modifications he’s set his heart on this time. That means that he has a pretty good ability to shut out anything other than what he is currently doing, the rest of the world completely falling away as he becomes wrapped up in his tech work.

Unfortunately, that means that he doesn’t notice his own needs, more often than not. If it’s just him getting hungry or thirsty, or working himself to exhaustion, then it’s just an inconvenience, but something that he can deal with pretty quickly. If he needs to go to the bathroom, that should be the same, but there are times when he waits just a little bit too long.

When he finally snaps back to reality this time, it is because his bladder is throbbing with absolutely agony, and he realizes that he has never had to pee this badly in all his life. The stabbing pain in his bladder overwhelms him all at once, and even though he knows it’s made worse by sitting down, it’s hard for him to stand up.

Volkner has to make a run for it, if he’s going to make it, but as soon as he does stand, he finds himself doubling over, reflexively jamming a hand between his legs to hold himself. A spurt of liquid escapes, but even though he’s able to stop that for the moment, there is nothing else he can do. It only takes a few hobbling steps towards the bathroom, before he loses control.

Volkner’s pants are quickly soaked through, a dark patch spreading across them and a puddle growing on the floor beneath him. At least there’s no one here to-

“We’re early!” Flint and Candice cry out.

15. she forgets to go- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Iono x Larry, female omorashi

“What do you mean you didn’t go?” Larry asks, his voice already sounding plenty tired. Then again, that makes sense, considering Iono is already bouncing on the balls of her feet, whining and squirming and showing just how desperate she already is.

Apparently, she didn’t go to the bathroom before the two of them left, and now, they’re in the crowded streets of Levincia, with Iono trying to avoid getting stopped by anymore fans, and now, she tells Larry the reason for that is because she’s on the verge of wetting her panties. Because she was so excited to go out that she didn’t think about it until now.

Their relationship is still such a shock to the people of Paldea that going out on dates is always a lengthy and exhausting affair. She should have known things would be complicated, but now, she’s sweating as she tries to figure out what to do. It is hard for her to go in anywhere without being swarmed, especially with the hype surrounding the great surprise that was her reveal of dating Larry.

Going in anywhere to use the bathroom seems out of the question after a few failed attempts, so the only thing they can do is hurry to her apartment. At least there, she might be able to get privacy. It’s a bit of a struggle to make that trip, though, so even deciding that this is what she wants to do is not enough to get her to her relief.

Even getting inside the building is quite the struggle with the people who want a chance to see the Supercharged Streamer out with her Exceptional Everyman of a boyfriend. By the time she’s actually on the elevator up, past security so that she is at least free from fans stopping her, Iono has to hold herself, both hands jammed between her legs as she squirms in place.

Larry tries to pretend the excitement that starts to grow when he sees her like this.

At last, they make it to her floor, and he unlocks the door so that she doesn’t have to stop holding herself until she reaches her bathroom. Unfortunately, as it turns out, Iono doesn’t end up reaching her bathroom, and wets herself while still in plain sight of Larry.

He’s not the best at comforting, but is still willing to try, until…

“So, why’re you hard?”

16. dance til you...- Pokemon X & Y- Tierno x Serena, male omorashi

This sort of competition isn’t based on skill or anything, but a win is a win, practice is practice, and endurance is still very important for a dancer. That’s why Tierno wants so badly to win the Dance Til Ya Drop competition, and why he does not allow himself to stop for anything. Not to mention the fact that Serena is there to watch and cheer him on, and h wouldn’t want to let his girlfriend down. After all, he knows just how lucky he is to have someone like her.

Still, by the end of things, when it is just down to him and one other opponent, he almost considers just giving up anyway. One thing he didn’t think about was that he would end up desperate to pee if he were in this for too long, and honestly, he’s surprised he didn’t just sweat it all out. Perhaps he was a bit too hydrated.

Now that things are finally over, though, he’s eager to get through the award ceremony so that he can get to a bathroom. Even though he’s quite exhausted from all the dancing, it’s hard to stand still all the while. Finally, though, he’s free to go, and not a moment too soon.

Tierno is headed straight for the bathroom when Serena suddenly steps out in his way, as if an obstacle meant to keep him from getting to the bathroom. Of course, it’s just his girlfriend there to congratulate him, not some malicious force, but that doesn’t change the fact that, when he stops suddenly to avoid colliding with her, he’s finally pushed past his limits.

Tierno feels pathetic as he stands in front of her, pissing his shorts, while Serena stares on with wide eyes, her reaction impossible to read from her expression.

17. but, really, she loves it- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Ryme x Tulip, female omorashi

“This isn’t fair,” Tulip says, her voice soft and strained.

“It’s not my fault you have a pea sized bladder,” Ryme replies, a sadistic sort of smile on her face. There’s no way for Tulip to try and combat anything that she does, not at any point, but definitely not when she’s fighting against her bursting bladder, forced to hold for as long as Ryme wishes.

They both already know that she’s not going to be able to last that long. In fact, that’s what Ryme is after, no doubt. All the same, Tulip fights as if she stands a chance. She fights as if Ryme will ever show mercy on her, as if having her lover give her a lot to drink before they began could ever end in any other way.

Tulip’s endurance is typically very good, but they’ve been at this for a while, and Ryme has only one goal in mind. No matter how unfair it might be, she’s not letting up, and Tulip, for all her protesting, loves that side to her more than anything. So, even though she whines as she finally pisses herself, that doesn’t change the fact that she actually loves it.

18. relaxed as can be- Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia- Celica, female omorashi, bedwetting

In her dream, Celica is as relaxed as can be. She can feel a slight pressure building in her bladder, but somehow, she does not feel like that is anything worth worrying about. Right now, she is just so comfortable that there doesn’t seem to be a single thing that could cause her problems, but what she doesn’t realize is that that is entirely due to how comfortable her bed feels right now.

After all, this is just a dream, and the warm meadow that she sits in isn’t real at all. She really does have to pee, though, and since she can’t realize that it’s something going on outside of this warm fantasy world, she doesn’t wake up, and the need continues to grow, until finally, the relaxation wins out against the desperation. Even as she begins to empty her bladder, she still does not realize what is going on.

In her dream, she realizes that she doesn’t have panties on as her pee soaks into the earth beneath her, and further relaxation descends on her, as she sighs happily. As she drifts further into her dreams, she doesn’t even notice the sheets growing colder around her, and cutting into her comfort quite a bit. It isn’t until she wakes up in the morning, shivering, that she notices the chill, and realizes that something is wrong.

Humiliation washes over her as she pulls back her blanket to reveal soaked pajamas and sheets. It’s been so long since the last time she wet the bed, and yet, there’s no denying that’s what she has done, as if she were a little girl again. She only hopes that she is able to clean this up all on her own, not wanting anyone else to find out about her little nighttime accident.

19. trevor remains stubborn- Pokemon X & Y- Trevor x Serena, male omorashi

“Don’t laugh,” Trevor whines. “It’s really not funny.”

“I’m sorry,” Serena says, but the way that she giggles does not make it all that convincing. “It’s just, I did tell you to go before, and you said you would, but then…”

“Then I got distracted checking something on my PokeDex and forgot! I know, I was there, you don’t have to remind me,” he protests. A hand is jammed between his leg as he fights the battle against his bladder, not sure how long he can last, not sure if he is capable of winning at all. It will be a while before they reach anywhere with a bathroom.

“I still say you should just go behind a tree or something,” Serena continues. “I promise, I’ll stand guard and not peek, and even cover my ears so I don’t hear anything.”

“I already told you, I just can’t do that!” It’s humiliating to hold himself and dance around like he’s got more energy than Tierno, but that is far too much for him. Trevor would rather take his chances with holding it, but Serena can tell he is nearing his limit, whether he can see that or not.

Still, he remains stubborn. No matter how Serena tries to convince him, or even tries to fluster him into it by teasing him, he never gives in, and then, it is too late for him. As he tries to fight it, he finds there’s nothing he can do to stop his bladder from giving in. He’s sure that Serena will laugh at him, and is fairly certain he deserves it, when he does start to wet himself.

However, Serena doesn’t know what she feels at that moment, only knowing that she does not feel like laughing. It’s not a bad feeling, though.

20. white pants- Fire Emblem: Engage- Amber x FAlear, male omorashi

Amber is doing his best to keep his cool right now, but things could be going a lot better. For one thing, it’s very rare that anyone would refer to him as cool, but another, much bigger factor right now is how full his bladder is, leaving him absolutely frantic.

Ordinarily, this wouldn’t be much of a problem, since there isn’t anyone else around, and he’s outdoors right now. But this is the Somniel, and he doubts he can just pee anywhere he wants up here! Maybe down on the ground, it’s fine to find a tree or even a thick enough patch of grass, but this is sacred ground. Surely he will be damned for all eternity if he desecrates it by relieving himself out in the open.

Which means that he has to get to a bathroom quickly, before he loses control and ends up doing that anyway. That’s what he keeps repeating, over and over again in his mind, but he can’t predict that something will get in his way, something that he just can’t help stopping for. After all, there’s no one that he wants to spend time with more than Alear, for a variety of reasons.

Still, right now, the only thing he wants to do is make excuses for why he needs to leave, to get her to wait for him without admitting the fact that he’s on the verge of-

Amber doesn’t have a chance to make it, but he isn’t able to get away either, and his white pants show quite the stain when he begins to wet himself. It takes her a moment to realize what’s happening, but then his divine crush gawks at him, eyes wide as she watches Amber piss himself, pathetic excuse for a hero that he is.

