Omorashi Drabbles

Author: Zapp Renfro

*002*2023-11-12 18:23

1. a free period might not be enough to cover this- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Hassel, male omorashi

Hassel is about to cry in front of his students again, and not for one of the usual reasons this time.

Not at all, because he isn’t working himself into an emotional frenzy due to the beauty of the subjects of one of his lessons, or anything like that. No, there are tears welling up in his eyes because of the strain that he feels on his bladder, so desperate right now that he is not sure how he is going to hold it until class is over.

It’s entirely possible that he won’t be able to hold it, and what then? Who will hold any respect for him, as a teacher or as anyone else, if he wets himself in front of his students at his age? The mere thought is enough to make him want to bawl from humiliation, which, of course, only makes matters worse for him. All he can do is try to conceal his need as much as possible, shuffling his feet whenever he can get away with it, and cutting his lecture much, much shorter than he’d intended, all so that he can retreat to the safety behind his desk.

There, he has a bit more freedom to squirm, where his students can’t see him, more focused on their projects. Every now and then, he lets his hand drop down to his lap and squeeze, but only for a moment, not daring to risk getting caught. The wait for class to end is torture, and he is so glad that he has a free period after this, so that he can take his time getting to the bathroom.

As it turns out, he really does need that free period, but not to get to the bathroom. As the last student exits, he loses control.

2. too much to unpack- Fire Emblem: Three Hopes- Leopold x Waldemar, male omorashi

The first time the two of them kiss is after a party, one that they perhaps should not have been at, hosted by a fellow house mate, and not remotely school sanctioned. Waldemar acts as if he would rather be anywhere else, but still follows Leopold around all night long, even though he knows he’s free to leave at any time. It’s becoming all the more obvious what’s going on here, and perhaps that’s why Leopold ends up drinking far too much.

That, or it could be a desire to prove that he is as tough in that regard as he is in any other- though his lack of practice would insist otherwise. Soon enough, Waldemar finds himself playing the role of a nagging babysitter, doing his best to keep Leopold as much out of trouble as possible, though by now, it seems a bit too late for that. The best he can hope for is getting his childhood friend alone, to see if he can help sober him up.

That’s the plan, but then he finds himself pressed against a wall as Leopold stands on his toes and pulls him down to meet his lips. He’s always getting far too carried away, just like this, and the alcohol does not do him any favors there. It’s not doing him any favors in any regard, but he is too lost in the haze of his first kiss to think about the way it has been betraying him nearly from the start.

He doesn’t even realize that he’s pissing himself until he’s already started to soak the both of them, and Waldemar has pulled back in shock. Before he can work through this haze and figure out something to say, Waldemar huffs, and pulls him- still pissing!- into another, fiercer kiss.

3. following clavell's directions- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Juliana x Clavell, female omorashi, student-teacher

“Are you alright, Miss Juliana?” Clavell asks her, acting so cordial, so clueless, as if he doesn’t know exactly what is going on with her.

When the two of them share a picnic on the school’s grounds, they have to keep things subdued, a director and a student, sharing a casual and innocent lunch. Discussing school business and treasure hunts, and whatever the Pokemon League is up to. It’s times like these that he loves to challenge her, though, and right now, it’s becoming nearly impossible to hide how badly she needs to pee.

She has been holding it all day, at his insistence, and now, she is nearly at her limit. Clavell can see the way that she fidgets where she sits, can see the way she bites her lip and has barely touched the drink in her thermos. Fortunately, their meal is nearly at an end, and then, they can retreat to his office, and have a bit of privacy.

Even though it seems nearly impossible to hold back for that long, somehow, Juliana manages to survive the agony of finishing their lunch, packing up the picnic, and the slow pace Clavell takes as they walk back to his office. Each step is like torture, and so, as soon as the door has closed behind her, she lets go.

Clavell watches her with an imperceptible expression as he watches her make a mess of his floor, soaking her shorts as it runs down her legs. He isn’t disappointed in her, nor is he shocked by this at all, and she knows that this is exactly what he wanted when he gave her this tricky order. It leaves her breathless, from the euphoria of the relief, and from some other thrill, a throbbing heat that grows between her legs.

4. papa- Fire Emblem: Engage- Veyle x MAlear, sibling incest, age play/daddy kink, diapers, mild wetting

There are so many experiences that Veyle has missed out on, so many things that have been outright lost over the years, and just as many things that Alear has never gotten to experience, let alone that he can remember. It only seems natural that the siblings would come together like this, and if their relationship isn’t exactly conventional…well, that’s to be expected, to some degree.

Veyle is such a good little sister, and all she wants is the chance to be loved, the way she can never remember being coddled as a little girl. Alear has always wanted to show her that sort of love, he is sure of it, even if he can’t remember those times. He must have always loved her so dearly, and now that the two of them share a love that goes beyond the bond of siblings, they take their time together to explore that.

Veyle makes for a cute baby, even at her age. Alear has had to go through quite a lot of effort to get her such an extensive wardrobe, and all the supplies that they would need, all in her size. He owes more than a few favors around the Somniel, and honestly begins to fear that it might soon become something of an open secret.

Regardless, it all feels worth it, when he can walk into her room and find her dressed in one of her special outfits- a baby’s onesie, with a bonnet on and everything. On top of that, it is clear that she is wearing a diaper underneath it. Not only that, but it seems that she has been playing with her toys for a while- either that, or she was quite bust before she got dressed for him like this.

Whatever the case, she has been too distracted to think about going to the bathroom, and now, she squirming in place, not seeming to notice as she looks up at him and grins. “Papa!” she cries, ecstatic. At first, it had been a lot to get used to, hearing her call him something like that, knowing all the baggage that it carries. But it is something that only exists in this space, and slowly, he has been able to reclaim it for himself.

Now, he is proud to be her papa, and quite pleased with how excited she is when he walks in the room. Even though she was so focused on playing that she didn’t notice how badly she needed to pee, she immediately drops everything for him, all so that she can jump up. Veyle is so excited that she actually jumps in place for a moment, before running up, and jumping into his arms.

He catches her, his hands rested under her rear, as she throws her arms around his neck. That is why he is able to feel the way her diaper swells as she loses control of her bladder, that excited by his return. Veyle hardly seems to notice.

5. total pda moment- Pokemon Sword & Shield- Kabu x Raihan, male omorashi

Ever since the two of them have gone public with their relationship, Raihan has been impossible to control. He is so damn proud that he finally managed to bag the Motostoke gym leader that he will do anything and everything that he can to flaunt that relationship. Public events for the Pokemon League are his favorite venues, because it means that everyone who actually knows the two of them get to see it up close and personal.

Plus, there are more than a few paparazzi shots that make it into the tabloids the next day, and Raihan definitely loves knowing that the general public is also talking about his relationship.

Kabu can get a little overwhelmed by all of the attention, but, for the most part, he finds it endearing. It’s only when it causes him trouble that it’s a problem, but unfortunately, that means that it’s a problem right now. They’ve been at this gala for a while now, and Raihan has not let Kabu out of his sight for even a moment. Even when Kabu has tried, on multiple occasions, to excuse himself to the bathroom, Raihan doesn’t want their public make outs, and now, he has to piss.

Quite badly, actually, and he has a feeling that Raihan’s aware of that as well, and that that might have a hand in why he won’t stop being so damn clingy. It’s hard to even enjoy the heat of Raihan’s body, practically curled around his as he pushes him into the wall behind him, leaning down to kiss him, and, fuck, the way he pushes forward is digging into his bladder, and-

In the end, Kabu can only be grateful that he’s wearing dark pants, and that Raihan is able to shield him from view, since he can’t last.

6. naughty ichigo- Bleach- Nelliel x Ichigo, female omorashi, watersports

“You’re such a naughty boy, Ichigo,” Nelliel says, her tone so playful that he could never take her scolding seriously. She is definitely capable of scolding, but when she gets excited like this, she can’t hold herself back all that well. Not to mention the fact that she has something else on her mind that distracts her from keeping up any sort of act.

Ichigo doesn’t mind one way or another. He can’t deny, he enjoys when she gets all maternal and authoritative on him, but he first started to fall for her when she was the biggest brat he’d ever known. If anyone can appreciate Nelliel’s range, he would like to think that he fits the bill. And, most important of all, right now isn’t really about her actions.

Right now is all about what she’s about to do to him, and the reason that she just called him naughty. He’s the naughty one because he wanted it in the first place, and because he’s the recipient, and she’s still trying to play things up, as best as she can when she is probably nearing a breaking point. Nelliel always gets too excited when they try something new and tends to overdo it.

That’s why she can’t stop squirming the whole time she taunts him for being such a “naughty boy,” and why she can’t even keep that up for long, before she has to get on with it. Still, he has no complaints, because he knows what exactly what he’s here for, exactly why he lays back as she stands over him, relaxing her bladder and finally letting go. Whatever she wants to say about him, act or not, she’d probably be right, because Ichigo has never felt better than now, with his girlfriend pissing directly on him.

7. almost inspiring- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Brassius, male omorashi

The way these battles drag out, its a wonder Brassius is ever able to hold it until the end. Though, truth be told, he’s only thinking that way because he’s being dramatic right now, his desperation driving him to it. He normally doesn’t struggle quite so much, but this trainer seems to think that they can brute force their way through his team with only a Water type.

The Water type moves don’t do much to his Pokemon, but they are quite effective against his bladder, to the point that it becomes hard to conceal his need from the crowd around him. It’s nothing short of a miracle that he manages to make it to the end, even if he claims his victory rather easily.

Shuffling away, he can’t even bring himself to make a dramatic exit, knowing that he will surely face public humiliation if he sticks around for even a moment longer. Instead, he finds a place to hide, where he can slump back against a wall, his knees too weak to support him, as his bladder finally gives out. The relief is almost inspiring, but Brassius isn’t sure if he wants to share this sort of experience.

8. feel better?- Bleach- Ulquiorra x Orihime, male desperation, barely making it

Orihime can tell, even if he doesn’t say anything. He wishes that made this easier, but it honestly only makes it worse. Ulquiorra would rather her not know the problem at all, and to be forced to try and keep her clueless, then for her to keep shooting him sympathetic looks as they try and make their way back to her home. Moments like this make him question everything to do with his new life, and wonder if any of this is worth the complications that come with living as a human.

But, if he were to actually doubt the life he has with Orihime, and just because he sometimes really needs to pee, then he doubts he ever would have had the strength to end up here to begin with. Cursing his fate doesn’t do anything for him one way or the other, and as embarrassing as Orihime’s sympathetic looks may be, it’s better to have someone as compassionate as her, than someone who would mock him for the fact that he still struggles to gauge his own limits in this body.

Every step hurts, but they’re almost back now. The fact that he isn’t entirely comfortable going out yet, and therefore has a complete aversion to public bathrooms, only makes situations like this all the more frequent. Though the worst has not happened yet, he still worries every time that it will. Orihime would be pleasant about the whole thing, of course, but he’d still sooner die than piss himself in front of her.

He makes it this time, just as he has every time before, but once again, he worries he nearly cut it too close. Relief washes that worry away, though, and at least now, the problem is solved.

“Feel better?” Orihime asks, when he returns.

9. she was probably acting well- Pokemon X & Y- Diantha, female omorashi

Diantha’s smile is a bit pained as she bids the challenger farewell. They did a wonderful job, but weren’t quite able to steal her title from her. She’ll remain champion a bit longer, which is nice, but all she really wants is for them to leave, and as quickly as possible.

It looked like they had a chance to win, more than once. The battle was nearly even at so many points, causing it to drag out for much longer than necessary. Now, Diantha doesn’t even think she’ll be able to make it to a bathroom, once they finally leave.

Her bladder is stretched to its very limit, so full that she’s pretty sure there’s a slight bulge to her stomach, one that she prays that trainer never noticed. But, finally, they’re giving her a chance to have some privacy. Even a few steps would surely be too much for her, so she might as well give up now, rather than push herself a moment longer.

Her legs feel weak as she begins to wet herself, letting it all come gushing out of her. Diantha leans against the wall for support, sighing with the greatest relief that she’s ever felt.

10. straight to the point- Fire Force- Karim x Huo Yan, male omorashi

“Something wrong?” Huo Yan asks, snapping Karim out of his thoughts. Not that they were particularly enlightening thoughts, or anything like that. He’s just been a bit distracted, is all, and it is honestly not all that surprising that Huo Yan was able to pick up on that, and thinks that there might be some kind of problem.

Maybe there is, but not something that Karim wants to talk about, and nothing major enough to warrant any real concern.

“No,” he replies, his voice nice and steady. He is doing his best not to give away what the problem is, but things are getting really bad for him. It may not be anything major, but it’s still a huge pain, and Karim is starting to wonder just how much longer he can handle this. It’s been a long time since he has had to pee this badly, but they have nearly made it back to the cathedral.

If he honestly can’t make it until they get back, he’s not sure just how pathetic that would make him, but either way, it’s way too pathetic for a grown man like him, and a lieutenant, no less! He can make it, if he just keeps enduring this, but he struggles to sit still, struggles to keep his voice from wavering when he speaks, and, though he is hardly able to speak, actually managing to keep things brief for once, he likes to think that he’s doing a good job of this.

Apparently he is doing such a good job that Huo Yan doesn’t realize he needs privacy once they’re back and walking together, following along beside him and continuing to talk to him, a bit chattier than usual and hardly seeming to notice that it’s the opposite case for Karim. There’s no reason for him not to stick close by his friend, but by now, Karim is finding it difficult to walk, and that is enough to catch his notice.

“Are you sure you’re alright? You’re still acting kind of…”

“Bathroom,” Karim mutters under his breath, cheeks burning in embarrassment. He really hates being all blunt like that, but it’s past urgent now. All attempts to conceal his need have only pushed his limits that much more, and now, without much warning, he is already at his limit. They aren’t that far now, but is he going to make it? Can he get Huo Yan to leave him alone without his friend guessing at what’s going to happen once he leaves?

“Oh! I didn’t…” Huo Yan is blushing a bit as well, still somehow clueless to just how urgent things are. “Well, I guess we can finish this later, maybe at dinner, and…Karim…?”

There was just no way for him to get rid of the other man fast enough. Karim grits his teeth and curses under his breath, and fights with all he has to stop it, but he can’t, not until his bladder is empty. Huo Yan still hasn’t left.

*003*2023-11-13 15:20

1. taking his orders- Bleach- Marechiyo x Soi Fon, male omorashi, under-negotiated kink

Marechiyo is in agony, and even though that’s not much of a surprise, considering who it is that he’s dealing with, it’s still a surprise that this is what Soi Fon has decided to put him through today. And it was definitely intentional, a direct order from her that she refused to explain to him, and now, she stares him down with that sadistic glint in her eyes, so he knows that, for whatever reason, she is enjoying the sight.

As her underling, he got plenty of practice at taking orders from her, but, as it turns out, he enjoys taking orders from her in the bedroom even more than that. That’s why, as weird as this one is, he didn’t question it at all before agreeing to it, even though now, he’s starting to wonder about that. If she didn’t get all shy whenever he tried to get more information about her kinks out of her, it might be easier, but she’ll yell and clam up if he asks why she likes this.

As things are, he’s not going to be able to hold it much longer, not that telling her about this would do him any good. She made it clear from the start that he was supposed to hold it until he couldn’t anymore, and when he’d first asked what would happen then, all she’d done is shoot him an angry look and snapped, “You tell me!”

So, he knows what she wants. And if he’s already so close to his limit that his bladder is throbbing in agony, and if she wants to see him do it anyway, he decides he might as well just let go. There’s no mistaking the way her face flushes in delight as he begins to piss himself, just for her.

2. better than me- Sk8 the Infinity- Reki x Miya, male omorashi, holding contest

“Do you actually think you’re better than me?” Miya grumbles, squirming so much for someone who claims to be just fine right now, for someone who claims that he will win without any trouble. That’s not to say that this is any walk in the park for Reki, but even with the way his bladder is throbbing right now, he isn’t concerned about his competition in the slightest.

This whole contest was Miya’s idea in the first place, a spur of the moment bet that he refused to explain, getting so flustered that Reki knew better than to press too hard. Miya’s reactions were all he needed to understand just what this really meant to him, so now, he’s playing along. They both have to piss pretty badly, but Miya can’t hold still for a second, and keeps trying to engage Reki in trash talk, probably trying to distract himself.

“It’s alright if you wanna give up,” Reki says, instead of giving an answer to Miya’s question. “You’ll feel so much better when you do.”

“As if! I’m going to win this, so…so…!”

There’s actually no way that Miya can win this. Unless, of course…

“Really? Well, your choice I guess. As for me…” Reki lets out a sigh of relief, as he relaxes completely, letting go and pissing himself without further hesitation. It is all very worth it, just for the look of shock on Miya’s face, but the relief that he feels isn’t half bad either.

“You…you idiot, you just gave up!” his boyfriend cries, but then, his eyes widen and he whimpers a bit. Later, he will probably claim that it was on purpose as well, since the contest was already won, but in the moment, it’s clear that he has genuinely lost all control.

3. don't party too hardy- Fire Emblem: Engage- Pandreo x Framme, mutual omorashi, public humiliation

Framme has turned out to be quite the little party animal. Pandreo has to admit that he’s surprised that she is so capable of keeping up with him, even with the obvious energy that she has. When the two of them first started to spend more time together, bonding over their mutual reverence for the Divine One, he knew at once that he would want to invite her to one of his parties, but he never could have imagined that he might find a rival in Framme.

It feels silly, when she is still basically just a kid, but it’s not as if this is a negative rivalry, or anything like that. When it comes to a partying rivalry, it just means that he has that much more fun when he is with her, both feeding off the other’s energy, and doing whatever they can to keep up with the mood. All the while, it becomes easier for him to forget just how young she is, in favor of his growing attraction to her.

Tonight, that isn’t the most major thing on his mind at the moment, for once. Instead, it’s the fact that the two of them have been going pretty hard all night, and that he has not slowed down for a moment. Pandreo has not been left with a chance for a single break, between his actual duties as the host of this party, and the way that he is trying to compete with Framme. That means that he can’t even remember the last time that he went to the bathroom, but, even though he knows he should make his next trip soon, he keeps trying to ignore his own throbbing bladder.

Framme hasn’t taken a single break all night either, and she is basically a little girl. Even though that fact does not make him feel better about the way he crushes on her, it does urge him to keep trying to hold it. How could he take a break from partying for something like that, when a kid is able to handle herself without a problem?

Of course, he has no way of knowing that she is just hiding her own desperation, fighting with all that she has to not show how close she is to wetting herself. She doesn’t know why she takes this so seriously, except for the fact that it’s fun, and that she feels some desire to impress Pandreo that she can’t explain, one that makes her pulse flutter. So she keeps holding it, even though she is nearing her limit, and even though she is pushing him closer to his limit, the two of them making this situation impossible both for themselves and each other.

It’s hard to say which one loses control first, because, soon enough, both Pandreo and Framme are wetting themselves, right there in the middle of the crowded party, where there is no way for either to hide what’s happened. All eyes are now on them.

4. just before- Mobile Suit Gundam- Garma x original male character (tis my self insert), male omorashi

Garma bites down hard on his lip and shifts in his seat, the look of pure misery on his face both absolutely pitiful, and the most delicious thing that Zapp has ever seen in his entire life. He is pretty sure he will never be able to figure out how he can simultaneously be so protective of Garma, and get such a thrill out of seeing him in duress like this, but as long as Garma sees no reason to question it, then he supposes that it’s nothing he needs to worry about.

Right now, the only thing either of them need to worry about is whether or not Garma will be able to make it, though things are looking good for him by now. They have almost returned home, and then, it will just be a matter of getting from the door to the bathroom. This car ride has felt like an eternity, but it’s almost at an end.

Garma finds himself in this sort of position way too often, and even though it frustrates him to no end, Zapp can’t help being a little glad that, no matter how hard he tries to avoid it, it still happens. He’s convinced that he should have more control over himself, but so many times, he finds his responsibilities taking up so much of his time that he doesn’t have time to go to the bathroom, until he’s already bursting. Zapp has had to cover for him more than once when he simply couldn’t take it anymore and had to disappear to the bathroom during formal functions.

At last, the car slows to a stop, and then, the driver opens the door for them. Garma has already unbuckled his seatbelt with shaking hands, in such a hurry to get out that he doesn’t give Zapp his usual chance to get out first and offer Garma his arm. As if remembering at the last second, he turns around to offer Zapp his arm instead, helping his husband out of the car, before immediately breaking into a brisk, pained pace.

Garma is going to make it, but only barely, and either way, Zapp has no intention of letting him go to the bathroom. Once the two of them are in their bedroom, he stops Garma, grabbing his arm before he can cross it to the en suite. When Garma looks back at him, he says, “Come on, you knew I’d want to…you know…”

For all the confidence he had to grab Garma, he can’t actually come out and say it. Despite his urgent situation, Garma gives him a playful smile as if to tease him for his shyness, before nodding. “Of course, Zapp. Just…please hurry, alright? I’m just barely holding on…”

Zapp gets down on his knees and begins undoing Garma’s pants. He doesn’t comment on the slight damp spot in his underwear, instead taking Garma’s cock in his mouth, and looking up with an eager glint in his eyes, ready.

5. another amber misadventure- Fire Emblem: Engage- Amber x Seadall, male omorashi

Amber is in genuinely in a hurry to reach the bathroom when he runs into Seadall, and he doesn’t intend to get sidetracked talking to the dancer. In fact, his need to remain jogging in place so he doesn't spring a leak should be proof enough that he has no time for this, but there's just something about Seadall that makes it impossible for him to think sensibly. And so, Amber wastes precious time he doesn’t have talking to Seadall.

"Amber!" Seadall says, a warm smile spreading across his face- one that makes Amber's heart throb, and does nothing for the case of his aching bladder. "What have you been up to?"

"Seadall." Amber returns the smile as best he can, trying to remember what it is he's supposed to say in a conversation, and not just stare like an idiot. And squirm where he stands, which does nothing to help him, but his desperation is only worsening.

"You don't look so well, Amber," Seadall notes, frowning. "Is something the matter?"

"It's...well..." Amber shifts from foot to foot, trying not to think too hard about how his bladder is screaming out for release.

"You're a little twitchy, Amber." Seadall seems genuinely concerned, and that makes things even worse for poor Amber. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

"No, really, I..." Amber trails off, knowing he should just excuse himself and take care of his desperate situation. But it's alright too late for him- his bladder gives a throb of warning, and a small stream of urine starts to trickle out into his underwear. "Oh, no, no, no, no..."

"Amber?" Seadall frowns. "Amber, is everything...?" But he's too late, because Amber is already crying out, unable to hold it in a second longer. And though he tries to fight it, it's no use, and soon enough, his piss is flooding out of him in a steady stream, forming a puddle on the ground.

"Amber! Did you…are you…" Seadall is flustered, and he can't seem to find the right words, but that doesn't surprise Amber much. What does surprise him is how quickly Seadall regains his composure. He steps forward, wrapping an arm around the trembling boy. "Come on, I'll get you back to your room."

"Seadall...?" Amber murmurs.

“Don’t worry, I’ll help you.” It’s not how Amber would have expected to get closer, but it’s still something.

6. a way to tease her- Fire Emblem: Engage- Veyle x MAlear, female omorashi, sibling incest, tickling

When Alear first tickles Veyle, he’s just teasing her. He doesn’t expect her to react as strongly as she does, or to end up as excited as it does, but it turns out that both she is incredibly ticklish and he is incredibly turned on by that fact. And so, he can’t help himself; whenever an opportunity presents itself, he just has to tickle his little sister.

Sometimes it isn't even about getting him off, or her, at first, either. It's just a bit of fun, or a way of teasing her, or of getting a rise out of her, just because she looks so cute when she's that overwhelmed. But the longer they play the game, the more often it becomes an excuse to make her wet herself.

She doesn’t get embarrassed anymore. The first time, she was mortified and couldn't look Alear in the eye when she'd laughed hard enough to pee herself. She'd even cried a little, feeling bad about it and not sure how he was going to react. But he'd not only been completely understanding; he'd only been that more excited by her accident.

Now, she's not nearly as embarrassed by it, and the more they play the game, the better she feels. She loves the feel of Alear tickling her and teasing her until she loses control, and loves the way he always reacts when she wets herself for him. When his fingers dance along her sides, her legs, her hips, her thighs, she knows that the gigglier she gets, the closer she is to the end.

And even though she knows the outcome, she still tries not to let it happen. She fights the tickling, the laughter, the pressure on her bladder. She twists and turns and flails and struggles, to no avail.

7. a day to prove himself- Mobile Suit Gundam- Garma x Sasro, male omorashi, implied sexual content/sibling incest

Garma tries to hold out, he really does. He knows that today is an important day for him, if only because it’s the first time he feels like Sasro has acknowledged him at all. Of his older brothers, Dozle is the only one who pays Garma any real mind, but today, the young heir is permitted to observe Sasro while he watches. It’s just his luck that he didn’t find out where a bathroom was, and now, he squirms where he sits, too nervous to ask.

He does try to hold out, but then, his poor, strained bladder can’t take it anymore, and even though he tries to swallow a whimper, there’s no suppressing the sound of his urine puddling on the floor beneath him. There’s no hiding this humiliating accident from his older brother, and Garma can feel tears welling up in his eyes long before Sasro looks up at him.

All his brother does is sigh, before he says, “Garma. You know you’re going to have to clean that up, don’t you?”

“I…yes, big brother. I’m really sorry, I…”

“You could have spoken up at any point. You’re going to have to learn how to take care of yourself eventually; I told Father this sort of thing would happen if he kept babying you.” By the end, Sasro is more talking to himself than scolding Garma, but it humiliates him all the same.

“Before you start cleaning, come over here and get under my desk. You know what you need to do to pay your big brother back for wasting his time, and making a mess of his office, right?”

This, at least, is familiar to Garma- something of a family tradition, honestly. And so, on his knees, he can pay Sasro back and prove some worth.

8. attempting for anthy- Revolutionary Girl Utena- Utena x Anthy, female omorashi, holding together

Utena still isn’t completely, one hundred percent sure about this. She’s going to go through with it, because she promised Anthy that she would, and the other girl seemed so sincere when she asked for this, and so happy when Utena had finally agreed. Besides, at least it is something that the two of them are doing together.

By now, her bladder is already so full that there’s no backing out, anyway. She can tell that Anthy is rather desperate as well, and that’s exactly what the plan was; the two of them are holding it together, waiting to see which of them will lose control first.

So far, Anthy is holding out better than Utena expected. She has always known the other girl to be incredibly composed, and she certainly doesn’t show any signs of needing to pee as badly as she must. Still, Utena doesn’t let herself give up just yet. After all, she has been known to hide her feelings fairly well when she has to.

It's only when she realizes how quickly she's become competitive that she also realizes she's become excited as well. She's a little embarrassed by that, but then, she's at least starting to understand what Anthy sees in all this. Of course, the more excited she gets, the worse the problem becomes. She tries her best to ignore it, to hold out until she has some sort of advantage, but i's becoming difficult, and she isn't even sure that she can even last.

In the end, Utena is the first to lose control, but then, Anthy is right there with her, the two of them relieving themselves at nearly the same time, the feeling so much more intense than it usually is, and Utena can't help letting out a low, needy moan.

9. with kycilia on his lap- Mobile Suit Gundam- Gihren x Kycilia, male omorashi, sibling incest

Work Text:

Gihren’s bladder throbs in protest, and the way Kycilia shifts against him only makes it that much harder for him to hold back. It would be no trouble to push his younger sister off his lap, so that he can get up and take care of this problem. In fact, he knows that, at this point, she’s not going to get up unless he makes her, and he has no hope of winning this by trying to wait it out.

All the same, proud man that he is, he tries to call her bluff, and tries to ignore how desperate he is to piss, while Kycilia remains planted on his lap. Her hands move slowly, but deliberately, and they reach out to press against his lower abdomen.

Gihren bites his lip, and it takes all he has not to groan.

His sister leans forward, pressing her cheek against his, and whispers, in a voice that is far too teasing, considering the situation, “You should go ahead and give in, Gihren. You can pretend you don't have to piss as much as you like, but I'm not moving from here until you've pissed yourself. Don't you think this is what you deserve, for being so stubborn all the time? This is only what you have coming to you, big brother, so don't be afraid to give in, alright? You don't need to be so embarrassed."

She's overselling it, and he would tease her for that, if not for the fact that, when she's got the upper hand like this, her dramatics feel almost intimidating. And he can't hold it for much longer, no matter how he tries. His legs shift, his face grows warm, and a soft whimper escapes him.

"Kycilia," he groans, and though he intends it as a protest, her name comes out sounding more like a moan, and more like a desperate plea.

She's not satisfied with that, though. "What is it, Gihren?" she asks, her hands rubbing over his stomach. "Go ahead, say what you want. You can do that much, can't you?"

He can't. Even if he could, it would be too late, his bladder throbs and, with another pained groan, Gihren pisses himself. There is an instant relief, followed by a rush of humiliation. It seems to come on as suddenly as his loss of control, and the heat spreads across his face even more quickly than the dampness spreads across his lap, and soaking into the seat of Kycilia's pants.

"That's better, isn't it, Gihren?" she asks, her voice sweet. Too sweet, really. As he begins to come down from his dizzying relief, he realizes just how far he has fallen, from something so simple. He's humiliated and wet and sticky, and, even worse, he knows that he has no one to blame but himself, and his own stubborn pride.

"Kycilia, please get off of me," he says, but his voice sounds too quiet, even to his own ears. He is, for now, defeated.

10. with kycilia in chains- Mobile Suit Gundam- Gihren x Kycilia, female omorashi, bondage, sibling incest

Gihren has had her cuffed for quite a while now, and Kycilia still tries to hide her growing discomfort, even knowing that there’s no way out of this for her. His method is a bit more direct, and allows her no chance of escape- in that way, he knows that it’s not nearly as effective as the way she sat on his lap, and forced him to choose his humiliation over admitting to his own needs. However, he also knows that it wouldn’t work on her, not the way that it worked on him.

He will have plenty of chances to think of proper revenge schemes, but for right now, he just needs instant gratification. The instant gratification that will come from watching his sister piss herself, forced to because he left her cuffed up for too long. Kycilia may be able to hold her tongue, but her body will betray her, and once it does, there is nothing that she can do about it.

And, sure enough, her composure finally begins to crack, and Gihren can tell by the way she shifts that she is trying to keep her muscles tensed. Even when she can no longer keep herself from shifting, he continues to sit there, watching her struggle with a smile. There is nothing else for her to do but struggle, and little that she can do to ease the pressure when her hands are bound.

He knows that she is about to give in, a small cry of desperation slipping past her lips. Her pride is strong, but the human body is only so strong, and her need is finally too much for her to bear, and after that cry, her body finally betrays her. At least for the moment, the sight of her humiliation satisfies Gihren.

*004*2023-11-25 21:45

1. question after question- Mobile Suit Gundam- Kycilia Zabi, female omorashi, public humiliation

Behind her mask, Kycilia can at least conceal just how tense her expression is right now. Beyond that, though, she has to really try to keep her composure, to keep anyone else in this meeting from figuring out what;’s going on with her. Her growing desperation is quickly becoming more than she can handle, but still she is trying to hold it.

It’s not like her to let her bladder get this full, but she’s been more busy than usual today, and now, she has to pee so desperately that she’s starting to doubt she can make it through this meeting after all. She’s been biting her lip for so long now that she’s close to drawing blood, and she has her fists clenched tight in her lap, nails digging into her palms.

If she doesn’t leave soon, she’s not going t make it, and she knows that’d be worse than simply excusing herself, frustrating as any sign of defeat may be. All she can do is try to keep from shaking as she stands, announcing, “I need to excuse myself for a moment.”

Though it’s likely obvious why she’s taking her leave, Char still has the gall to speak up, interrupting her. “Yes, but about…”

If his first question were his last, it wouldn’t be a problem, but he doesn’t stop. Kycilia can barely contain her gasp when she feels a warm trickle, leaking into her panties. All at once, she turns on her heel, intent on ignoring Char so that she doesn’t-

But she does. Right there in the meeting room, a dark stain spreads across the front of her pants, as Kycilia begins to wet herself. Before she’s even finished, she’s already delivered swift orders to keep this top secret. Still, rumors spread not long after.

2. fear training- Bleach- Shuhei x Kaname, male omorashi

Each time, he hopes that he will handle his captain’s bankai better. There are times when he does, and Shuhei can be a bit proud of himself, for at least acting a little less foolish, but other times, his fear catches up to him, sometimes more intense than before, making it seem as if he is only taking steps back. On one such occasion, he is humiliated to a degree that he has never known before.

Shuhei doesn’t even realize it’s happening, not at first. The bankai is released, and he relaxes as his senses return to him…and then, after a moment, he realizes far too late that he feels a lot warmer, a lot wetter, in one particular area, and he can feel his face heating up in his mixture of horror and humiliation.

Shuhei is pissing himself, right in front of the captain he admires more than anything, and even if Kaname can’t see it, there is no doubt that he knows what’s happening, all the same. There is no chance for Shuhei to hide what’s happened to him, the sound of his piss splattering the ground already enough of a giveaway, even without Kaname’s heightened senses at work.

“Captain, I…” Is there anything that he can say to excuse himself? It’s not like there is any excuse for pissing himself like a child, especially not after he has managed to make it through this trial before with his clothes dry. He falls silent again, so ashamed that he can’t speak.

Though he isn’t sure exactly how he expects Kaname to respond, he doesn’t expect to be suddenly pulled in close, into a tight embrace. Never would he expect this man to hold him at all, let alone right now, but that is all that Kaname does.

3. she just wants to make the night more interesting- Pokemon Masters- Scottie x Helena, male omorashi, fear wetting

Scottie has been tagging along with Helena all day, on another one of her strange little exploits. He has to admit, he hardly understands what their goal is most of the time, but still he has so much fun with her that he would not trade it for anything in the world. He is so fond of the older girl that he is willing to follow her just about anywhere, so long as he is able to get her attention.

Still, they have been at this for quite a while now, and that has resulted in Scottie neglecting his bladder, perhaps too much. He is going to have to find a chance to excuse himself soon, no matter how embarrassing that may be. Otherwise, something a lot more embarrassing is going to happen to him.

Unfortunately, what he does not realize is that things have already been set into motion, to ensure that most embarrassing outcome. Because Helena has not encountered any genuine paranormal activity today, she has to make sure that something happens, so that this entire outing is not a bust. Not knowing of Scottie’s growing desperation- and perhaps she would not care even if she knew- she has her Haunter prepared to make things a little bit more interesting. She has no idea just how interesting it is about to become.

When her Haunter pops out, scaring Scottie so much that he jumps and yelps, she starts giggling, loving the sight of his cute, scared face. But then, she looks down to see his shorts darkening, and liquid running down his legs, and all at once, she realizes that she has scared the boy so much that she has pissed himself. For her, that is the last straw; she is unable to hold herself back with Scottie.

4. afternoon naps- Pokemon Diamond & Pearl- Caitlin x Darach, female omorashi

Caitlin has been taking a lot of naps lately. She finds that the more she sleeps, the easier it is for her to control her abilities when she is awake, and she desperately wants to prove that she can control herself. There’s so much out there that she’s missing out on, and the sooner she can rein herself in, the better.

Still, there are things that she has to get used to when it comes to sleeping so much more. For instance, she forgets that she shouldn’t enjoy her tea and then decide that she’s ready for a nap; she needs to wait long enough for it to have passed through her, or else she will wake up so desperate to pee that it is a struggle to get out of bed. Sometimes, she does alright with that.

Today is not one of those times, and she isn’t sure if she can make it. She wakes up so desperate that her hands are immediately between her legs, and she lays on her side, holding herself and whining. Why, oh why, did she have to have so much to drink before her nap? More importantly, why has she not learned her lesson by now?

The worst is that she can’t make it without help, and she knows well enough by now: she has no choice but to summon Darach. He knows how much this humiliates her, so he does not comment on anything, simply helping her up while she keeps a hand jammed between her legs, pressing her nightgown to her crotch.

No matter how bad it’s been before, she’s always made it with his help. Today, she isn’t so lucky- they’re still a few feet from the bathroom when she loses control, soaking her gown, while Darach holds her steady.

5. on the overworked side- Bleach- Toshiro x Rangiku, male omorashi

Toshiro taps his foot under his desk, shifting a bit in his seat. This has been bugging him for too long now, to the point that it’s making it hard to focus on his paperwork, but he knows this needs to get done, and as soon as possible. Rangiku is always letting things pile up like this, and though he tries to make her do it all herself, there are times when he has to step in, or else nothing is going to get done on time.

So he finds himself in this position, so desperate to pee that he can hardly focus, but so close to done that he does not want to leave until he has finished. Once it’s over, he can worry about his own needs, and not have to worry about coming to a desk covered in stacks of paper for him to sort through and sign. He’s a trained captain, so naturally, he can handle something like this.

Except he’s been handling it for hours now, telling himself that he can wait a bit longer, and now he’s near his limit, but still pushing it off because he’s so close to done. By the time he does finish his work, he finds that he can barely take a single step upon standing up. Panic sets in as he realizes that, for the first time since he was very small, he has pushed himself beyond what he can handle. He an try and move forward, but it won’t do him any good.

While still trying to make sense of what he should do, the door swings open, and Rangiku herself walks in, just in time to catch sight of her captain, wetting himself like a child. He already knows she’s going to baby him for this.

6. happens too frequently- Pokemon Scarlet & Violet- Larry, male omorashi

Larry would say that he’s never been in this much pain in all his life, but that would be a pretty big lie, no matter how his body may insist that at the moment. Considering how busy his schedule is, he is used to being in pain like this on a nearly daily basis. So often, he does not have the chance to visit the bathroom when he needs to, and no amount of caution can keep him from getting desperate at an inopportune time.

His brisk walk home is slowed by the pressure in his bladder. He’s so close now, but he’s also getting close to losing control, his underwear damp from the way he has leaked. That’s another thing that Larry has had to get used to; he always leaks, always has damp underwear by the time he is able to properly empty his bladder. He hasn’t pissed himself in a long time, though, so that’s something to be proud of.

Only something to be proud of if he makes it home this time as well, but it’s looking less likely by the moment. He knows his limits very well, and even if he ends up in this kind of pain often, it’s usually not this bad until he’s almost reached the toilet. At least he’s almost home, at least his door is right there, at least he’s unlocking it, even as he shifts from foot to foot, unable to stand still for a moment..

At least…

He leans back against the door, once it has closed behind him, and sighs. Nothing to be proud of today, not when his piss is hissing out of him, puddling on the floor, soaking his pants and- fuck, he hadn’t even taken his nice work shoes off yet. Larry simply sighs.

7. true dedication- Bleach- Kaname Tosen, male omorashi

Kaname is the one who has to pour the tea for everyone.

The meeting is called at the last minute, when he is very much in the middle of something, and was just about to take a much needed break, but still, he drops everything so that he can be at Aizen’s side, serving him just as he always does. And so, he has to pour the tea, while he’s bursting to pee, pretending that he does not hear the way the liquid splashes into each individual glass. He can’t show the slightest sign of discomfort, not where one of the Espada could pick up on it. Or worse, Ichimaru.

Or, worst of all, Aizen.

He has to keep his calm, and pretend as if he is not bothered by such things. No matter what, he has to be capable of holding his bladder for as long as is needed, no matter how great the pressure becomes. This is his own fault for not taking advantage of the chance to go when he first felt the urge. Had he done that, he would not have gotten caught unawares by the meeting, so he has only himself to blame for the way that he subtly fidgets, moving as little as possible to avoid being noticed.

All he has to do now is stand right where he is, and listen attentively to Aizen’s words, no matter how relevant to his own work this meeting may be. Kaname knows and understands his place well. Knowing all of that does not make this any easier, though, and no matter how many times the topics shift, Aizen never seems any closer to wrapping things up. To make things all the worse, with his heightened senses, Kaname can hear every sip and slurp of that damn tea, and it makes his bladder throb all the more.

He has no choice but to allow his fidgets to grow a bit more, and to just hope that no one comments on it. It won’t be long before Aizen figures him out, if he hasn’t already. It also won’t be long until Kaname completely loses control of himself, no matter how hard he may try to fight against his own bladder. If things don’t end soon…

Kaname can’t begin to express how lucky he is that Aizen chooses to end the meeting at that moment. Still, he is not so lucky that he does not find himself rooted to his spot, so desperate that he can’t take a single step, not without risking losing control of his bladder. All he can do is stand there, in his own private agony, until everyone else slowly but surely leaves the room. Only then, when he can no longer sense a single person in the room, does he finally allow himself the chance to let his guard down.

Kaname leans back against the wall as his bladder gives out at long last, and lets out a sigh of relief, sinking to the floor as he lets it all out. It will create quite a mess to clean, but he can deal with that later, once the bliss has worn off.

*005*2024-02-26 15:07

1. haman's injured pride- Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ- Haman Karn, female omorashi

On the outside, Haman has an imposing appearance. She manages to keep up such a facade even at her more desperate of moments, but right now, she isn’t sure if she can manage it for that much longer. It would hardly suit someone of her position, dressed to play the part, to start squirming like a desperate child, but she has never had to pee so badly in all her life.

Some security measure is on the fritz, resulting in her trapped in part of the ship with some of her men, unable to leave until it’s all fixed. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing, but she has to try not to let on, and can only pray this gets resolved quickly. With her fists clenched at her sides, she resists the urge to give even the slightest movement to indicate her need, until…

Finally, just when she’s starting to truly panic, the door slides open, and she is quick to step forward, her soldiers follow after her. Mashymre, who had been trying to reach her on the other side of the door, is right at her side, persistent in checking in on her, even after she’s sworn that she’s fine.

“But, Lady Haman-”

She tries to get rid of him, as well as the others, and make it to her room before the floodgates finally burst, but her luck seems to have finally run out. The pressure becomes too much for her, and her body finally gives in, letting go without warning. Warmth spreads through her panties, and from there, runs down her legs and soaks into the fabric of her pants.

As a puddle begins to form at her feet, her soldiers gasp in shock. Her pride is wounded but still she sharply orders, "This will remain confidential, understood?"

2. rambling in class- Pokemon: Scarlet & Violet- Raifort, female omorashi

Raifort is desperate to pee. She’s fully aware of the fact that her bladder is absolutely throbbing for relief, but she chooses to ignore that to keep on with her lecture. Now that she has gotten to a topic she finds so fascinating, she can’t bring herself to stop teaching for a moment, no matter how badly she needs to pee.

And she does need to pee desperately right now. This was a mistake, but a fun one. Her students know better than to interrupt her. But they can still tell when she is feeling antsy, even though she tries her hardest to stay still, and they can definitely tell that she is in distress. It has been a very long day, and it is getting late in the evening. Raifort had no intention of letting herself get caught in this predicament, but she just got carried away with her own speech. And she has to go so badly.

As the lecturer continues to ramble on, the students all begin to realize what is about to happen. She can't bring herself to stop teaching, so it is only a matter of time until she loses control. A few of the more observant students have already started to notice that the front of her jeans are damp. Raifort has been leaking a little bit and she has not even realized it yet. But then, the dam bursts, and it all comes gushing out of her.

Raifort is unable to contain herself, and she is forced to make a mess of herself right in front of her students. It is absolutely humiliating for her, and yet, she is not even able to stop her lecture then. There were a few desperate students who, seeing this, decide to give up and wet themselves.

3. mutual desperation- Pokemon: Scarlet & Violet- Lacey & Juliana, female omorashi

Juliana knows, in the back of her mind, that Lacey needs to pee right now too, but she is so desperate herself that she can’t really think of anything. She is trying so hard to hold it until she gets to a bathroom, but she has to pee so badly, and there's only so much she can do.

Finally, Juliana stops, her hands balled into fists. "I have to pee. I have to go. I can't hold it, Lacey." She feels the hot stream run down her legs, and it feels amazing to relieve the pressure, even as the pee pours down her legs, onto her shoes and splatters on the floor.

Juliana is mortified when she realizes what's happening. "I'm so sorry, Lacey. I tried to make it, I really did. But I couldn't hold it."

"It's okay, Juliana," Lacey says soothingly. She is still desperately holding herself, but she knows she doesn't have much time before she loses control, too. Still, she wastes that precious time on comforting Juliana, telling her not to worry, it's not her fault. "Don't feel bad. It's just a little accident, you couldn't help it."

And then, suddenly, she feels the pressure building, and she knows she can't fight it any longer. The first jet of pee leaves her body with a hiss, and she quickly joins Juliana in wetting herself. Her panties are soaked through, and she can't help the smile on her face as she looks down at her legs. She knows they are a mess, but she can't bring herself to care.

She looks up at Juliana, who is staring at her in shock. "I'm so sorry, I couldn't help it. I had to go, too."

Juliana finally feels herself relax. It's strange, but Lacey's accident is comforting to her.

4. femslash february day 7- Pokemon Heartgold & Soulsilver- Lyra x Karen, female omorashi

Lyra bounces on her heels, feeling as if her bladder might explode at any moment, if she doesn’t empty it soon. Sitting in front of her, Karen watches her with a hungry smile on her face. Ever since their affair began, she has made her love for watching Lyra hold it until she’s desperate and then wet herself quite clear, and Lyra has been eager to indulge her in it.

She feels so vulnerable like this, he stomach taut and bloated with her need, and she knows that it would take only the slightest provocation to send her over the edge, but she doesn't want that. Not yet. She wants to put off the satisfaction for as long as she can, and to give Karen a proper show of her desperation.

"How bad is it?" Karen murmurs.

"It hurts," says Lyra, and her voice is breathless, strained with the effort of holding on. "I need to pee so bad, Karen, I..."

"Don't," she warns.

Lyra knows what's expected of her, but even with Karen's help, it is hard to hold out. It's only through sheer force of will that she has managed to resist the temptation, and she feels as though she might break down at any second. Her body is trembling, and she's not sure how much longer she will be able to hold out, and the way Karen looks at her with such desire isn't helping at all.

"That's right," Karen says, reaching a hand between her legs, rubbing her fingers against the fabric of her panties, which are already soaked from her arousal.

Lyra can't take it a moment longer, and gives a little cry, and her bladder gives way at last. Her stream hisses, and a warm damp spot begins to spread, until she’s thoroughly soaked.

5. femslash february day 12- Fire Emblem: Engage- Merrin x Timerra, female omorashi

Merrin is trying to keep her cool in front of her princess, but she is not sure just how much she can manage. She swallows hard, and can’t help the way she sweats, her bladder throbbing from the pressure. All the same, she tries to conceal this desperation from Timerra. Merrin has only just become one of the princesses most trusted personal guards, and she does not want to disappoint her. She shifts her weight from foot to foot.

Timerra has no idea that Merrin is bursting. She isn't even paying any attention to the poor, desperate knight in front of her. It is not as if she is purposely being cruel. The princess is just so wrapped up in her own big plans for the day, she does not think to stop and check if anyone has any pressing need to attend to.

Merrin tries not to let her distress show. The fact that her princess is making her stand here waiting is torture. She needs to go right now, or else she's going to end up pissing herself like some kind of child. It's just too bad that her bladder does not seem to understand this. The knight's bladder aches, and it is getting harder and harder to keep holding on. She knows that she can't take much more.

She doesn't expect to lose control so quickly, or so suddenly, but then, she is wetting herself, the urine soaking her shorts and running down her legs. The sound of her pee hitting the floor fills her ears, and Merrin blushes. Her face is burning, and she's sure her entire body is turning red. Her mouth is dry, and her throat is tight, and Timerra is gawking at her, shocked by the display, yet there’s a hint of excitement.

*006*2024-06-21 15:35

1. rushing back from the bathroom- Pokemon- Jasmine, female omorashi

Jasmine has been waiting all day for a challenger to show up to her gym, but today has been going pretty slowly. When she starts to feel a need to pee build up, she tries to ignore it for a little while, wanting to wait and see if anyone else arrives, certain that she can hold it.

She eventually reaches the point where she feels that she cannot wait anymore, so she leaves the spot in her gym where she has been waiting for a challenger all day. She finds the bathroom easily, and rushes in, pulling her dress up as she runs towards the toilet. Just as she's about to sit down, a buzzer sounds, alerting her that someone is requesting a battle.

Jasmine quickly sits on the toilet and pees, feeling some relief as her bladder empties. Her mind is racing, trying to remember what she should do to prepare for a battle. She needs to make sure that she hurries back, and her heart is absolutely pounding in her chest, the excitement quite a bit greater, since she had so much anticipation.

As soon as she's wiped, she takes off running as quick as she can, heading straight for the battle spot. She doesn't even pause to think about how uncomfortable and awkward her gait is as she runs straight to the battlefield, ready to battle the challenger.

"Welcome, challenger, and thank you for waiting for me. My name is Jasmine and I'm the leader of the Olivine Gym!”

Jasmine cuts herself off when she realizes that the challenger has been looking directly at her legs this whole time, a shocked look on her face. Jasmine follows her gaze, looking down to see her panties, still stretched around her ankles. It looks like she forgot something important.

2. april showers day 1- Animal Crossing- Chrissy, female omorashi

Chrissy doesn’t have a toilet in her house. This has lead to a lot of inconvenient moments for her, but she still hasn’t managed to correct that yet. Usually, she manages to find some way to take care of things, but every now and then, there’s nothing she can do to prevent the worst from happening.

On one such day, she finds herself absolutely bursting, and not sure what she is going to do about it. She needs to get to a bathroom as soon as possible, but when she is already so desperate, it’s hard to think clearly, and puts her on a time crunch. The only option that she has is to get to the nearest house, as quickly as possible, and hope that it is one of her neighbors that actually has a toilet for her to use.

Fortunately for her, Lilina the local island rep is the one closest to her. She knows that Lilina has a toilet she can use, but she has to make it there first, and it really feels like she can’t get there soon enough. If she tries to move too quickly, she starts to leak, so she can’t even go as fast as she wants to. Chrissy is absolutely at her limit, and when she finally reaches Lilina’s doorstep, she is dancing in place, a hand between her legs while the other frantically knocks at the door.

As close as she is, it’s still not close enough. As Lilina opens the door, she is met with the sight of Chrissy losing control, her bladder finally giving out, just a few feet away from her goal. All she can do is stand there, frozen, while Lilina watches the puddle growing at their feet in shock.

“Sorry, I…I really needed to…”

3. april showers day 2- Pokemon- Carmine x Florian, female omorashi

Carmine is doing all she can to hide just how badly she needs to pee right now, but the longer she continues to put her need off, the worse it becomes. Florian is going to catch on sooner or later, if she doesn’t find some way to relieve herself, and, either way, it involves Florian finding out that she needs to pee. That’s the most embarrassing thing Carmine can imagine right now, with th exception of actually wetting herself. Which should be enough motivation to give her the nerve to do something about her need, but she’s still too embarrassed for that, as well.

It isn't her fault, she keeps telling herself. She would have gone to the bathroom before they left if only Florian had given her a chance, but, since he was in such a hurry, she didn’t even think to say anything, and now, she really can't get away. And it isn’t like she hasn’t tried! The moment she realized what was happening, she began to search for any way to sneak off to the bathroom. Florian seems to be watching her every move, however, and no matter how many excuses she makes, she can't slip away from him.

So, she has to do something, because her bladder is reaching its limit. Soon enough, her body will make the decision for her, and, at this point, she isn’t sure what will be worse: if she loses control and wets herself in front of her crush, or simply admitting to how desperate she is right now. Unfortunately, her body has its limits, and she is already past the point of being able to hold it.

Florian looks on in shock as she loses control, whimpering as she begins to soak her blue uniform, unable to hold back anymore.

4. april showers day 3- Pokemon- Wallace, male omorashi

For Wallace, this is just a way for him to indulge in his alone time. The Water type gym leader does often get started while he’s still working, since his gym always seems to make him more aware of however full his bladder might be in that moment. Usually, by the time he is done for the day, he needs to pee pretty badly, but that is just when things start for him. Once he can be alone, he starts to drink more, wanting to get all the more full, until he can’t hold back.

The first time that Wallace had given into the pleasure of wetting himself, it had been a very surprising accident, not at all part of his plan. The feeling of warmth had shocked him, as he realized what was happening, and that had made him feel so embarrassed. But even as he stood there, unable to stop himself from emptying his bladder, he found himself becoming more and more into it, finding the warmth and the relief that came with it very pleasant. And, ever since then, he has tried to make his experiences as pleasurable as possible, indulging in wetting whenever he has the chance.

This time, he can feel the pressure building pretty rapidly, and he pushes to see just how far he can go, to test his limits. It is only when his bladder is absolutely bursting, to the point where he feels that he will not be able to hold on for a moment longer, that he finally gives in, letting loose a heavy stream. The relief is instant, and Wallace lets out a sigh of contentment, glad to have waited so long, as it makes the bliss of relief all the more pleasurable.

Now, he gets to enjoy feeling soaked.

5. april showers day 4- Pokemon- Lacey x Florian, female omorashi

Lacey’s doing her best to hide how badly she needs to pee, while she continues giving the tour of the school to Florian. She was already desperate, when she was suddenly called to help introduce the new student, but now, she is so desperate that she can hardly stand it, and still, she has to show Florian around, all while pretending that she does not need to pee, that she is not already on the verge of wetting herself, just from how long that this little tour has gone on.

Florian has already noticed that there is something a bit off about Lacey. He thinks it's kind of cute how she is trying to hide her need to pee. That is part of why he is taking so much interest in everything that she has to show him. Of course, he also likes the tour, and is glad that they are friends now, after a fashion, but he also does want to keep watching her, because he finds it cute that she is so desperate for a piss, and yet, she is pretending to be totally fine, trying to hold back the fact that she needs to go so badly.

But she can only hold back for so long, and, eventually, Lacey is finally unable to hide it anymore. She has to go too badly, and at this point, there is no way that she can resist her bladder anymore. Her muscles are tired from holding on for so long, and there is no way that she will be able to make it, not another second longer. As hard as she fights it, there’s nothing she can do.

Florian doesn’t react the way she expects, though. While she wets herself, shaking and pathetic, he simply comforts her, nothing but sweet.

6. stop laughing, it's not funny- Hazbin Hotel, Vox x Valentino x Velvette, male omorashi

“Stop laughing!” Vox snaps, his voice breaking, distorting, even as he protests. “It’s not funny!”

“Maybe not to you. I think it’s hilarious,” Velvette replies.

“I don’t think it’s funny,” Valentino counters, but despite that, he’s smirking every bit as much as she is.

“It’s been a long fucking day, and this is seriously the last thing I need right now.” It had been a long day, alright, and he hadn’t had a single chance to take a break. Though he had managed to hold it until he could get away from the public, that’s all Vox had been able to manage.

So, yeah, he doesn’t really think the fact that he’d soaked his pants the instant the door had closed behind him, and that the two of them happened to be right there, is really all that funny. His legs are still shaking and his abdomen is still sore from the strain of holding it for so long, and he’s just plain tired.

“I said I don’t think it’s funny,” Val repeats, that smirk growing as he steps in closer. Vox almost flinches away on instinct, but there’s something about the way the other man looks at him that keeps him still. “I think it’s adorable, and pretty hot, and definitely something I’m way more into now. Let me get you all cleaned up, alright?”

“Of course you’re just making it a sex thing,” Vox mumbles, not letting onto how grateful he is, both for the offer, and even for making it a sex thing.

“Holy shit, you two never stop being gross, do you?” Velvette interjects.

“What? You’re not going to join us?” Val teases back, and she rolls her eyes.

“I never said that,” she retorts. “Still, don’t expect me to stop laughing. Because, seriously, it’s funny.”

