Talent Show Visions (A That's So Raven Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-05-04 01:48

A/N: Sorry this commission took so long, I had a lot backed up, and then the end of the school year got crazy, and I got sick somewhere in there too, which certainly did not help matters at all. But the story is here now!

Chelsea and Raven walked across the stage, modeling the outfits that Raven had designed, walking just as they had done again and again at home. They had been preparing for the talent show for weeks and now that their time to shine had come, it was going off without a hitch.

Until, that is, Chelsea froze up, suddenly and completely. Raven looked over and was horrified to see a dark spot spreading over Chelsea's tight jeans, the redhead with a look of total humiliation on her face. She could hear the audience gasp at they realized what was happening to her friend, but she was completely powerless to do anything to help her.

“Oh, snap.”

~X~

Raven came back from her vision with a jolt, horrified by what she had seen. She couldn't believe that, in less than 24 hours, Chelsea would wet herself on stage, in front of the school, in the middle of the talent show like that.

Unless, of course, she did something about it. She may have been powerless in the vision, but now that she knew what was coming, she could do something to prevent it. She could hardly sleep that night after she started to plan for how she would save Chelsea from her embarrassing fate.

~X~

The next morning, when Raven got to school, she was relieved to see Chelsea coming out of a bathroom. At least now she would be able to monitor her fluid with Chelsea starting out empty. She greeted her and they went to their classes.

After their first class, she caught Chelsea buying a soda from a vending machine and bolted it over, snatching it.

“Thanks, Chels,” she said, opening it and beginning to drink. “I was so thirsty.” She finished it off as her friend watched, too surprised and confused to say anything but, “Uh...you're welcome?”

And that was how it went throughout the day. Raven would steal drinks from a confused Chelsea, eventually making up some half-baked excuse about how she needed to be hydrated for their part in the talent show, but that since it was Chelsea's first time modeling, she didn't need to be.

“Yeah, that does make sense,” her friend said, surprisingly believing it. “But, I'm really thirsty. Are you sure I can't have anything to drink?”

“I'm sorry, but that's just how it has to be.”

~X~

By the time it was time to set up for the talent show, Raven was sure that she had managed to prevent Chelsea from doing anything to cause last night's vision to come true. She was so proud of herself that she almost didn't notice the huge flaw in her plan- but the twinges in her bladder were so strong that there was no way she couldn't notice them.

Snap, now I've gotta worry about holding it till the show is over, she thought, trying to keep calm. She didn't have time for a bathroom break before the show started, so she didn't have any option but to hold it. Otherwise, all her work would be for nothing- what good was sparing Chelsea the humiliation if she had to suffer it herself?

She shifted her weight from foot to foot while she looked over the clothes they would be modeling. They weren't a super late act in the show, but they also weren't early either, and she hoped that would not be a problem.

However, as she waited for their turn to come up and the two girls started getting dressed, she could feel her bladder fill and swell with each passing minute. It would definitely be a close call, but she was not willing to let herself do something like that on stage.

“Rae,” Chelsea whispered as they waited backstage for their turn. “Is there time for a bathroom break?”

“What?” she whispered back sharply. How could that be possible? “But you haven't had anything to drink all day!”

“Well, I uh...I kinda snuck one earlier. I couldn't help it, I was so thirsty,” said Chelsea, shrugging. “But now I really have to pee, so...”

At that moment, their names were called to go to the stage. There was no longer any time left for them to go, and they would have to struggle through their performance. Raven hoped desperately that she could hold on, and that Chelsea was not holding as much as she had been in the vision. That was the only hope they had to make it through their performance.

However, once they were onstage, she could tell that Chelsea was incredibly nervous. Her movements were erratic, and though she kept them in time to the music of their fashion show, it was still obvious to Raven what was going on. But she could not worry after Chelsea for very long, as the pangs in her bladder were so strong it was hard to stand up straight and keep walking.

She counted her blessings that they did not have costume changes and would not be modeling any more outfits than what they already had. Once the song had finished, they could exit the stage and make a run for the bathrooms, humiliation free, but that was only if they both made it until the song ended.

Raven was to the point that she was not sure if she could make it or not, and there was no way for her to know how Chelsea's bladder was holding up through all of this. If both of them did not make it off the stage completely dry, nothing she had done would matter and this would be yet another disaster she had failed to avoid. The music seemed to drag on forever.

And then, suddenly, it was fading out and they were making their exits. They were in the clear! She had managed to avoid either of them wetting themselves on stage, and kept that horrific vision from coming true. As soon as they were off the stage, she grabbed Chelsea's hand and made a beeline for the bathrooms.

The halls were pretty much empty, as the rest of the school was attending the talent show, which was good when they both had to slow their walk, with a hand between their legs to keep themselves under control. The bathrooms had never seemed this far from the auditorium before.

Suddenly, Raven stopped, feeling a warmth spreading across her hand. No! She was so close, she couldn't lose control now! But she was, and the warm wetness only spread further, soaking through her jeans and on to the floor beneath her. She could hear the splattering echo in the empty hallway, but even after she was completely empty, she could still hear it.

She turned around, and her suspicions were confirmed when she saw Chelsea flooding her jeans, looking sheepish and embarrassed. Raven groaned, knowing that now she would have to find a way to get their other clothes from backstage without being noticed, but she had to admit that they were lucky they even had anything to change into.

Sure, they had still wet themselves, but she had managed to keep it from happening on stage, and that was all that mattered.

A/N: Again, sorry about the wait on this one.

