Fanfiction Commissions

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-01-29 19:57

First of all, if I posted this in the wrong place, I am sorry. Please move it to where it is supposed to go.

Second of all, if I am not allowed to advertise commissions on here, I am also sorry. I saw someone else do it so I thought it would be okay for me too.

Alright, now, let's get down to business. My fiance's job cut down his hours to only five a week. That's not a lot of money coming in, and though he's trying to get another job, there are expenses he has to worry about right now, such as textbooks, course fees, and gas money. He lives an hour away from me, so it's not cheap for us to see each other, and until he gets another job, it's going to be difficult for him to afford to see me. Therefore, I decided to help out, by taking fanfiction commissions. And, since I'm pretty into omorashi, I decided that I would definitely write that as well!

So, follow this link to my dA journal about it and see my rules and fandoms and prices.

If you want to purchase one, please either pm me on there or here.

*002*2015-01-30 01:00

{{:

Looks cool! I'm not comfortable using my main paypal account for this, but if I get around to making a proxy, I'll order something.

Do you also do non-fandom works?

}}

I'm willing to, if the plotline is something I think I can do. We'd have to talk it over first.

*005*2015-01-30 15:00

{{:

A few points of clarity:

- From the list of fandoms listed, I assume you have no issue with teenaged characters in suggestive works, but how young are you willing to go on character ages?

- You list Powerpuff Girls on your list. Is that just for the American cartoon or are you also willing to do PPGZ commissions?

- By consensual non-consent, do you mean works where one character pretends to not be into the action but really is?

The prices seem quite reasonable, so I might take you up on this.

}}

Honestly, I don't have limits with ages, I don't think. Though, I haven't ever written about someone extremely young, so it might be difficult to adjust to.

I think I could also manage PPGZ, I watched a little bit of it a long time ago, and have been meaning to finish it, so I could binge watch before I got started.

Yes, and more. Consenual non-consent is basically any form of sexual practice where it is portrayed as if one character wants it, but they are just acting and have agreed to the terms beforehand.

*006*2015-01-30 15:02

{{:

I might purchase a one-shot Legend of Zelda story. Let me think about what I want and I might be a customer. And when I say "Zelda" I don't necessarily mean the character, I may choose other female characters from the game.

Questions to get me going though, have you ever written a Zelda fan-fiction and what was it about? Of course if you have, I'd like to see it. Also how familiar are you with the Zelda series?

}}

I have not before, but i am vaguely familiar with the series. I have a lot of friends and a fiance more familiar than I, and I think if I studied up enough I could probably swing this, depending on what character is involved.

*008*2015-01-30 21:15

{{:

I have a question, on your list of fandoms it says "Most Disney", does that include Disney's live-action films and Disney Channel shows like Sonny With a Chance, Lizzie McGuire, That's So Raven, Phil of the Future, Jessie, Good Luck Charlie, Even Stevens, Hannah Montana, Life With Derek, Shake It Up, Suite Life, Wizards of Waverly Place etc.

}}

I hadn't considered that, but I am familiar with some of the Disney live action shows. Of the ones listed above, I'm most familiar with Hannah Montana, Suite Life, and Wizards of Waverly Place.

*009*2015-02-04 23:58

This is about to get pushed off the page so I guess I'm going to bump so more people can see it? sorry if that's not okay

*011*2015-03-02 14:37

Here's a post of completed commissions to show off what I'm capable of:

%$/24517-captive-kim-possible-fanfiction/

%$/24544-an-uncomfortable-date-a-mordecai-fanfiction/

%$/24563-a-contest-maddie-and-london-fanfiction/

%$/24670-crystal-catacombs-zuko-fanfiction/

%$/24653-work-alex-and-harper-fanfiction/

%$/24539-the-concert-a-hannah-montana-fanfiction/

%$/24692-valentines-day-tokyo-mew-mew-fanfiction/

%$/24620-incorrect-password-dipper-fanfiction/

%$/24889-roller-coaster-a-proud-family-fanfiction/

%$/24876-a-challenge-a-mean-girls-fanfiction/

%$/24930-the-sleep-over-a-mlp-fim-fanfiction/

*012*2015-03-18 17:19

As I update with another example, I'd like to add a change in policy!

While I still accept the same forms of payment already listed, I am also open to art trades. So, if you want to write a fanfiction in return or draw something for me, I also accept that as payment.

Another example work: $/25111-twin-telepathy-liza-and-tate-fanfiction/

(I will probably stop posting examples from here on out, unless someone else posts here, then I might update the list while replying to them)

*014*2015-03-19 00:13

{{:

What kind of fanfics would you want other to write for you?

}}

Basically, I'd just figure out what fandoms they wrote that I like, and then go from there. Omo is nice, but not a necessity.

*015*2015-04-29 17:20

I have to break my vow of never bumping again because I'm kinda strapped for cash and almost finished my backlog, plus I'm done with school after this week and will have a lot more time to get work done on these. So yeah, sending these my way would be great

*016*2015-08-31 18:19

Okay, here I go again, breaking promises to myself to not bump this thread, and I'm sorry if this is annoying or causing problems for anyone.

BUT. Had some confusions with paydays, thought I was getting a check in between two events and I'm not, so I have to stretch one check for both. With school starting recently, I have less hours at work and no way to pick up more. Writing commissions is the only way I can pick up more work, so I'm hoping I can sell at least five oneshots, or some sort of equivalent.

So, if anyone is interested in commissions, it would be greatly appreciated! If I sell five oneshots (or an equivalent amount of stories that gives me 25), I will have some sort of special thing. I'll either open free requests for a brief time or offer everyone who commissioned me a free request, or something to that extent. I haven't decided yet, but I'm desperate and will definitely do something special for all of you who choose to help me out right now.

EDIT: This is not mentioned in the OP, but I am willing to do original stories (with entirely OCs) if given a plot to follow.

*017*2015-10-09 01:05

Here I go again again, still breaking my promise, but I'm in a similar boat to before. It's not as urgent, and I can definitely get by without commissions, but a convention is on the horizon and the ticket prices ended up being way more than expected and the ridiculous credit card fees make them even worse. I have a month to get the ticket, and my hours got cut back again at work due to us not having a truck come in (I actually only got five hours this week!), so it's all just rotten luck.

I could afford the ticket and have money to spend at the con saved up, but with the checks being so small, it's going to set back some of my Christmas shopping, and basically, it's just financial stress that I'd like to relieve if I could.

That being said, I'm offering a special between now and November 6th: Anyone who makes a purchase of one oneshot will receive a free lengthy drabble, anyone who spends at least ten dollars (so two oneshots or a long oneshot or more) will receive a free oneshot, and anyone who spends at least twenty dollars will receive a free long oneshot. This offer does not exclusively apply to omorashi, and I will write any of the subject matter listed on my commission sheet. My goal is to raise 50 dollars, but if I exceed that, I will do something special for everyone who helped (probably another free fic).

*018*2015-10-28 15:36

Eventually I'm going to stop bumping, but...I can't go back and edit posts so if I have something to say, this is the best I can do. I'm sorry, I really am.

My special is being extended to November 21st, because why not? My hours at work won't be picking up until the holidays most likely, so I'd like to bring in as much business as possible before then. So far I've raised ten of my goal of fifty, so I'm not doing too shabby so far!

I'm still accepting art trades as a form of payment, so if you're interested in a trade, don't feel bad about approaching me about it. Just because I'm broke doesn't mean I only want payment, I'd love to be able to get art or stories from people too.

*019*2017-01-23 15:41

I have a good reason for bumping, over a year later, because I have a better commission post here:

%http://lua-russo.tumblr.com/post/145224792839/my-commission-masterpost

*021*2017-11-14 13:56

{{On November 12, 2017 at 5:52 PM, nicholas1996 said:

Do you still do omroashi stories about cartoon characters? my membership wont let me send messages

}}

I do! I'm going to be making a new thread regarding my commissions because this one is so cluttered, but if you're interested in commissioning me we can work out a way to contact.

