Trista's investigation (A Pokemon Commission)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2026-03-31 14:37

The moon is a sliver of bone in the indigo sky, casting pale, watery light through the tall windows . Trista pads down the carpeted hallway, her footsteps swallowed by the plush, sound dampening fabric. The day has been…bizarre. Unprecedented. A wave of inexplicable, public accidents had swept through the island, affecting sync pairs indiscriminately. Now, in the quiet aftermath, she's been tasked with the most delicate of follow ups: checking on some of the girls. Leaf, Elaine, Kris, Lyra, May, Dawn, Akari, Hilda, Rosa, Serena, Selene, Gloria, Juliana, and Bettie.

She pushes open the door to the first suite, a shared sleeping arrangement for several of the girls. The air is thick with the scent of sleep, a warm, dusty perfume of exhaled breath and clean laundry. A single night light plugged into the wall casts long, dancing shadows. They're all here, a sea of sleeping forms on a collection of roll away beds and cots, tangled in a mess of blankets. Leaf is the closest, her brown hair fanned out across her pillow. She looks peaceful, but there's a tension in her brow, a faint crease that shouldn't be there in deep sleep. Trista moves closer, her gaze sweeping over the room. Elaine's hands are clenched into fists at her sides. Kris' legs are crossed tightly, even in her slumber. Lyra, curled into a ball, lets out a soft whimper.

Trista's eyes drift, scanning the room, and that's when she sees it. On the bedside tables, nestled in their little alcoves, some of the Pokeballs are glowing. Not the bright, ready for battle flash, but a low, rhythmic pulse, like a heartbeat of light. It's subtle, almost imperceptible. She steps silently to a table, her breath catching in her throat. The glowing spheres belong to the Legendaries. So many. Too many. All in this confined space. The pulsing lights seem to sync up, a silent, resonant chorus of power. The pressure. The day's inexplicable, collective desperation. The pieces click together with a sudden, dizzying clarity. It's the proximity. The sheer, overwhelming psionic pressure of so many legendary beings in one place, their immense, subconscious energies bleeding out and pressing down on everything, on everyone, in the vicinity. It's finding the softest, most vulnerable point to exert its influence, and for these human bodies, that point is the bladder.

Trista's head snaps back to the sleeping girls. Her investigation has turned into something else entirely. A morbid, fascinated observation.

Leaf stirs, a deep groan rumbling in her chest. Her body goes rigid, her back arching slightly off the mattress. The crease in her brow deepens into a full blown grimace. "No…" she mumbles, the word a puff of air against her pillow. Her thighs press together with visible force, the muscles in her legs quivering. The blanket is tangled around one of her ankles, leaving her lower half exposed. Trista can see the way her sleep shorts have ridden up. She's fighting it, even in her dreams.

Nearby, Elaine shifts, her hands unclenching only to fly to her crotch, pressing down through the thin fabric of her pajama pants. A choked little gasp escapes her lips. Her body trembles, a full body shudder of desperate resistance. "Please," she whispers, her voice thin and reedy. "Not…not again." The memory of the day's humiliation is clearly playing out in her subconscious, and now it's happening all over, with no way to stop it.

A soft, rhythmic creaking sound draws Trista's attention to Rosa's cot. She's rocking back and forth, a slow, agonizing motion, her legs still locked tightly at the knees. Her face is flushed, a dark pink against the pallor of her skin in the dim light. She bites her lip, hard enough that Trista can see the white indentation. The rocking grows more frantic, a desperate, primal attempt to soothe the unbearable pressure building within her.

Then, a high pitched whimper from May. Her body jackknifes, sitting bolt upright for a second before slumping back down, her eyes still squeezed shut. Her hands clutch at her stomach, her knuckles white. "No, no, no," she chants, a desperate, breathless mantra.

Dawn is next. She's curled into a tight fetal position, but now her legs begin to kick out, small, sharp, jerky movements. A strangled sob escapes her, followed by a wet, hiccuping gasp. "Stop…" she begs the unseen tormentor in her dream. Her body convulses, a violent tremor.

Lyra's cot lets out a sudden, sharp groan as she thrashes, a violent shift that sends her pillow tumbling to the floor. Her movements are wild, uncoordinated, a stark contrast to her usual cheerful demeanor. Her hands are now clutching the thin mattress beneath her, her fingers digging into the fabric as if she could anchor herself against the rising tide of desperation. Her brow is beaded with sweat, tiny droplets that catch the dim light like scattered diamonds. Her breath comes in ragged, hitching pants, each inhalation a desperate gasp, each exhalation a strained whimper. "It…it hurts," she mumbles, her voice thick with sleep and agony. "Make it stop." Her legs kick out, her bare feet thumping against the metal frame of the cot. The sound is dull, rhythmic, a percussive beat to her silent torment. Her body arches, her spine bowing, her hips lifting off the bed in a silent, convulsive plea.

Kris, on the other hand, is a study in tense, still agony. She has managed to maintain her cross legged position, but the effort is visible in the rigid lines of her body. Her jaw is clenched so tightly that Trista can see the muscles twitching in her cheek. Her hands, previously fists, are now pressed flat against her lower abdomen, as if she could physically hold her insides in place. Her eyes, squeezed shut, are leaking slow, silent tears that trace glistening paths through the dust on her face. She doesn't make a sound, but the intensity of her struggle is a palpable force in the room, a silent scream of pure, unadulterated agony.

Her entire body is vibrating, a fine, high frequency tremor that speaks of a battle being waged on a cellular level. Her lips are pulled back in a silent snarl, her teeth clenched. Then, a shudder wracks her frame, a full body convulsion that leaves her gasping. Her legs uncross for a split second, a moment of catastrophic weakness, before snapping back together with an audible slap of skin on skin. Her knuckles are white, the blood drained from her hands, as she presses harder, her entire being focused on this one, monumental effort of control. It's a losing battle, and they all know it, even in their sleep.

Across the room, Akari is a whirlwind of desperate motion. She's not still for a second. She flips from her back to her stomach, then to her side again, her limbs flailing. Her long, dark hair is a chaotic halo around her head, stuck to her sweaty temples and cheeks. Her movements are jerky, almost seizure like in their intensity. She mashes her face into her pillow, a muffled, frustrated scream tearing from her throat. She kicks her legs, her feet catching in the tangled blankets, and she yanks at them, a primal, animalistic gesture of frustration. Then, she goes still. For a heart stopping second, she lies perfectly flat on her back, her body rigid. Her chest rises and falls with shallow, rapid breaths. Her hands are now gripping the sides of her cot, her knuckles as white as Kris'.

Trista’s gaze drifts from Akari’s rigid form, sweeping over the twitching, whimpering sea of girls before landing on Serena. Even in the throes of this nocturnal torment, Serena seems to fight with a certain performance, a desperate, ingrained grace that makes her struggle all the more mesmerizing. She’s on her side, one arm curled under her head, the other thrown across her body, her hand pressed firmly against the silk of her pajama bottoms. Her usually perfect hair is plastered to her neck with sweat, stray strands clinging to her cheek.

At the same time, Gloria’s cot emits a low, rhythmic squeak, a stark counterpoint to Serena’s silent agony. Gloria is a storm of contained energy, a wire stretched to its breaking point. Her movements are sharp, punctuated. She’ll lie perfectly still for a moment, her body taut, then a sudden, violent shudder will rack her frame, her legs kicking out in a spasm of desperation. Her face is flushed a deep, blotchy red, her mouth open in a silent, continuous 'o' of pure, undiluted agony. She tosses her head from side to side, her messy ponytail whipping across the pillow. "Please," she gasps out, the word so thin and reedy it’s almost lost in the chorus of whimpers and creaking bedsprings. "Please, I can't."

Selene’s struggle is a silent, internal war, fought with a stoic intensity that makes her body a rigid landscape of agony. She lies on her back, perfectly straight, her arms pinned to her sides like a soldier at attention. But her stillness is a lie, a brittle facade over a maelstrom of desperation. The muscles in her neck stand out like cords, straining. Her jaw is locked, a hard line against the soft flesh of her face. The only betrayal of her torment is the constant, microscopic tremor that runs through her entire body, a vibration so intense it seems to hum in the quiet air. Her eyes, squeezed shut, are not peaceful; they are slammed shut with the force of her concentration. Every few seconds, a single, violent shudder will convulse her frame, a wave of pressure cresting and breaking against her iron will. Her hands, though pinned to her sides, are not still; her fingers are clawing at the mattress, digging into the fabric with a desperate, silent plea.

Juliana, in stark contrast, is a creature of pure, frantic motion. Her desperation is a loud, chaotic symphony of limbs and breath. She’s curled into a ball, but the position is anything but restful. Her legs piston, her knees jackknifing toward her chest and then extending with sharp, jerky movements. She’s gasping for air, each inhale a ragged, desperate gulp, each exhale a high pitched, pained whimper. Her hands are everywhere, clutching at her stomach, then flying to her crotch, then scrabbling at the blankets, her nails digging into the fabric. She’s muttering, a stream of incoherent, desperate pleas that spill from her lips in a breathless torrent. "No, no, no, stop, please stop," she chants, her voice cracking with the strain.

Trista’s gaze, moving with the detached precision of a surveyor charting a disaster zone, lands on Bettie's cot. Her struggle is raw, unfiltered, and utterly without artifice. She is small, and her desperation makes her seem even smaller, a fragile vessel threatening to shatter under an impossible pressure.

She’s curled on her side, but the position is one of pure, agonizing tension, her knees pulled up so tight to her chest that she’s almost folded in half. Her whole body is quivering, a constant tremor that makes her look like a leaf caught in a gale. Her face, in the moonlight, is a mask of pure, childish distress. Her brow is furrowed, her mouth is turned down in a deep, trembling pout, and her eyes, squeezed shut, leak a steady, silent stream of tears that soak her pillow. Unlike the others, she makes no sound of defiance, no choked pleas. The only noise she makes is a series of soft, hitching sobs, the kind of helpless crying that comes when a child is lost and alone and knows no one is coming.

Trista's eyes, wide and unblinking, drift to the final cot in the room, Hilda's. Even in sleep, there’s an energy to her, a restless, aggressive potential that hums in the air around her. She’s sprawled on her back, one arm thrown over her head, the other dangling off the side of the bed, her knuckles grazing the floor. She looks like she’s sleeping the sleep of the just after a hard won victory, a faint smirk playing on her lips. For a moment, Trista thinks she might be the one, the sole island of resistance in this sea of silent agony.

But then she sees it. A twitch in Hilda's dangling hand. A faint, almost imperceptible tightening of the muscles in her arm. The smirk on her face doesn't falter, but it changes, curving into something more like a grimace of pain than a look of satisfaction. A low groan rumbles in her chest, the first sign of a crack in her formidable armor. Her legs, previously sprawled with careless abandon, begin to shift. One knee bends, then the other. She brings her legs together, not with the frantic desperation of the others, but with a slow, deliberate, almost reluctant movement, as if her body is betraying a conscious decision to remain unaffected.

Another groan, louder this time, tears from her throat. It’s a sound of pure, frustrated agony, the growl of a wounded beast. Her back arches, her hips lifting off the mattress in a sharp, convulsive motion. Her arm flies from its position above her head, her hand slapping down hard on her lower abdomen. The smack is sharp, loud in the quiet room, a punctuation mark to her silent struggle. Her eyes, though still closed, are fluttering rapidly, her eyelids a thin, translucent veil over the battle raging within.

Her entire body is now a rigid line of tension. Her muscles are straining, her tendons standing out like ropes under her skin. Her breath comes in short, sharp pants, each one a visible effort. She’s fighting it with every fiber of her being, her pride waging a war against the overwhelming, primal pressure. But the legendary energy, the unseen force that has brought all these strong, capable girls to their knees, is relentless. It’s a tide, and Hilda, for all her strength, is just one more person in its path.

The room is a tableau of silent suffering, a collective dream of desperation painted in moonlight and shadow. Trista stands frozen, a silent, unseen observer at the epicenter of this peculiar, intimate storm. She watches, her own breath held tight in her chest, as the girls continue their nocturnal battles.

Leaf’s whimpers have grown more frequent, thin, reedy sounds of pure distress. Her body is a knot of tension, her thighs pressed together with such force that the muscles in her legs are visibly quivering. A bead of sweat trickles from her temple, tracing a slow, glistening path down her cheek. Her hands, previously clutching at her sides, are now pressed flat against her lower abdomen, as if she could physically hold her insides in place. Her face is a mask of pained concentration, her lips pulled back in a silent snarl.

Elaine’s cot lets out a rhythmic, agonizing creak as she rocks back and forth, a desperate, almost hypnotic motion. Her hands are now clenched into white knuckled fists, pressed against her crotch. Her breath comes in ragged, hitching pants, each inhalation a desperate gasp, each exhalation a strained whimper. "It's…too much," she mumbles, her voice thick with sleep and agony. "I can't…I can't hold it." Her body convulses, a violent tremor that leaves her gasping.

As her eyes scan the room, taking in the collective suffering, Trista feels a familiar, unwelcome sensation. A dull, deep pressure begins to bloom low in her own abdomen. It's faint at first, a mere whisper of discomfort, easily ignored. She shifts her weight from one foot to the other, a subconscious adjustment. Her mind, however, refuses to acknowledge it. This is a investigation. An observation. Her own needs are irrelevant, an inconvenient distraction from the fascinating scene unfolding before her. She takes a deep breath, focusing her attention back on the sleeping girls, her own bodily functions pushed to the farthest corner of her awareness.

Her gaze lands on Rosa. The rhythmic rocking of her cot has become more frantic, the squeaking of the springs a constant, agitated noise. Her face, framed by her messy brown hair, is a contorted mask of agony. Her flushed cheeks are wet with tears, and she's biting her lower lip so hard Trista half expects to see blood. Her legs, still locked together, are beginning to tremble, the muscles spasming with the sheer force of her resistance. "Hold on," she mumbles, the words a jumbled, desperate plea to herself. "Just…hold on." Her hands fly from her crotch to clutch at the blanket beneath her, her knuckles white, her fingers digging into the fabric with a desperate, almost violent strength. It's a losing battle, and somewhere in her dreaming mind, she knows it.

Trista feels another pang, this one sharper, more insistent. The pressure in her own bladder has intensified, a dull ache that is rapidly becoming impossible to ignore. She clenches her thighs together, a reflexive gesture of control. Her jaw tightens. Not now, she thinks, a flicker of irritation cutting through her fascinated haze. I can deal with it later. She takes another slow, deliberate breath, her eyes now fixed on May.

May has abandoned her frantic kicking. She's lying on her side, her body curled into a tight, agonized ball. Her hands are pressed between her legs, her fingers white with the force of her grip. Her breath comes in ragged, hitching pants, and a low, constant whimper escapes her lips. It's a pathetic, mewling sound, utterly devoid of her usual cheerful energy. Her body trembles, a constant, fine shudder that speaks of a battle being waged on a cellular level. She's muttering, a stream of incoherent, desperate pleas that spill from her lips in a breathless torrent. "Please, please, please," she chants, her voice cracking with the strain.

Trista's own bladder sends a jolt of pure, urgent desperation through her body. She has to press a hand against her lower stomach, a gesture of involuntary self preservation. The pressure is immense now, a heavy, pressing weight that makes her want to gasp. She can feel her own muscles clenching, her body instinctively trying to hold back the tide. The room is a pressure cooker of silent suffering, the legendary energy pulsing from the Pokeballs a relentless, invisible force. Trista stands, a statue of morbid fascination, her own growing discomfort a distant, annoying hum beneath the symphony of desperation she's observing. Her fingers dig into her own forearm, a conscious effort to ground herself, to keep her focus on the girls.

Her gaze lands on Bettie, the smallest of them all. She is curled into a tight, trembling ball, her face buried in her pillow. The hitching sobs have stopped, replaced by a sudden, unnerving stillness. Her body, which had been a constant, quivering mass of distress, goes completely rigid for a long, heart-stopping moment. Her small hands, which had been clutching the blanket, go limp. Then, a sound. A soft, hissing whisper, like steam escaping a tiny vent. It's barely audible, but in the quiet room, it's a gunshot. A dark patch begins to spread across her pajama bottoms, a slow, inexorable bloom of wetness that seeps into the light fabric, turning it a deeper shade. The damp spot expands, a creeping tide that darkens the blanket beneath her. Bettie lets out a long, shuddering sigh, a sound of profound, exhausted release. Her body goes limp, the tension finally broken, her small form sinking into the mattress, into the growing warmth of her own making.

Trista’s breath catches. A strange, detached thrill runs through her. She watches as the wet patch grows, the evidence of Bettie's unconscious shame. Her own bladder sends a sharp, urgent spasm, a sudden, intense wave of pressure that makes her gasp. She presses her thighs together, her knuckles white as she grips her own arm. No, she thinks, her mind a steel trap. Not yet. I need to see.

Her eyes move to Juliana, who is still a whirlwind of frantic motion. She's muttering, a stream of incoherent, desperate pleas that spill from her lips in a breathless torrent. Her legs are kicking, her hands scrabbling at the blankets. Then, her movements freeze. Her body jerks, her back arching in a silent, convulsive spasm. A choked gasp escapes her lips. And then it happens. A sudden, violent gush. The sound is unmistakable, a loud, shamefully public hiss that cuts through the quiet room. A dark, spreading stain blossoms on her pajamas, a flash flood that soaks the fabric in an instant. The wetness doesn't just spread; it erupts, a torrent that streams down her legs, soaking the blanket beneath her. Juliana's body convulses again, a full body shudder of pure, unadulterated release. Then, she collapses, panting, her face buried in her pillow. The frantic energy is gone, replaced by a deep, exhausted stillness.

Her gaze sweeps the room, looking for the next one. She finds it in Kris. Kris is still rigid, her body a testament to her iron will. But even her will has its limits. A single, violent tremor wracks her frame, a full body convulsion that leaves her gasping. Her legs uncross for a split second, a moment of catastrophic weakness, and that's all it takes. It's not a gush, not a flood. It's a slow, agonizing trickle at first, a tiny, betraying leak that darkens the fabric between her thighs. A choked sob escapes her lips. The trickle becomes a stream, a steady, relentless flow that she is powerless to stop. The dark patch spreads, a creeping stain of shame that consumes her pajamas and the blanket beneath her. Her body goes limp, her head falling back against the pillow, her face finally relaxing even in her despair.

Trista can feel her own control wavering. The pressure is immense, a heavy, pressing weight that makes her want to whimper. She has to press both hands against her lower stomach now, a desperate, clumsy attempt to hold back the tide. Her own body is trembling, a fine, high frequency tremor that mirrors the girls' struggles. Just a little longer, she thinks, her mind stuck in a mantra of denial. Just a little longer.

Her eyes dart around the room, taking in the still, wet forms of Bettie, Juliana, and Kris. The air is thick with the scent of urine, a warm, acrid smell that is both overpowering and strangely compelling. She sees Lyra, her body still thrashing, her legs kicking out in a final, desperate spasm. Then, she too goes still. A soft, sighing hiss fills the air, followed by the sight of a dark patch rapidly spreading across her shorts. She lets out a long, shuddering moan, a sound of pure, exhausted release. Trista's bladder spasms, a sharp, painful contraction that almost makes her cry out. She doubles over, her hands pressed hard against her stomach, her teeth gritted. Trista is in agony.

The room is a chorus of quiet, shameful releases. Dawn lets out a choked sob, followed by the telltale sound of a steady, trickling stream. She is now on her stomach, her face buried in her pillow, her hips pushed up in a desperate, unconscious attempt to escape the growing dampness beneath her. A dark, spreading stain blossoms on the back of her pajama pants, a creeping tide of shame that soaks the fabric in an instant. The wetness doesn't just spread; it erupts, a torrent that streams down her legs, soaking the blanket beneath her. Then, she collapses, panting, her face buried in her pillow. The frantic energy is gone, replaced by a deep, exhausted stillness.

At the same time, Akari seems to give in as well, her movements making her similarities to Dawn all the more apparent, a twin, parallel picture of desperation. Trista presses her hands between her legs, her own control hanging by a thread. She has to bite her lip to keep from crying out. Her own body is trembling in a way that mirrors the girls' struggles.

Her focus is a pinprick of light in the overwhelming darkness of her own need. The scent in the room has thickened, a warm, musky blanket of shame that seems to press in on Trista, mirroring the pressure inside her. She has to press her thighs together, her muscles screaming in protest. Her breath is coming in short, sharp pants, each one a battle cry against her own body. But she cannot look away.

Her gaze lands on May, who has been holding on with a ferocity that surprises her. A violent shudder wracks her frame, a full-body convulsion that leaves her gasping. And then, a sound. Not a hiss, not a trickle, but a sudden, shamefully loud gush. It's a torrent, an absolute flood that instantly saturates her pajama bottoms and the blanket beneath her. May lets out a long, wavering wail, a sound of pure, mortified despair that is quickly muffled as she buries her face in her pillow, her body finally going limp in the growing warmth.

The sight is a catalyst. Trista's own bladder spasms, a sharp, painful contraction that almost makes her cry out. She doubles over, her hands pressed hard against her stomach, her teeth gritted so tightly her jaw aches. A single, hot tear of desperation leaks from the corner of her eye. Not yet, she thinks, the words a silent, desperate scream. Not yet.

Her eyes, blurry with unshed tears, find Leaf. She's still curled into a tight ball, her body a knot of pure, agonized tension. Her face is a mask of pained concentration, her brow furrowed, her lips pulled back in a silent snarl. Then, her body goes completely still. The tension in her limbs seems to melt away, replaced by a deep, boneless relaxation. A soft, sighing hiss fills the air, followed by the sight of a dark patch rapidly spreading across her shorts. It's a slow, steady release, a final, exhausted surrender. Leaf lets out a long, shuddering moan, a sound of pure, exhausted release. Trista's own control snaps for a second, a tiny, hot leak that makes her gasp. She clamps her thighs together, a desperate, frantic gesture that is almost useless.

Rosa is next. She’s still rocking, the creak of her cot a frantic, agitated rhythm. Then, the rocking stops. Her body goes rigid, a silent, convulsive spasm. A choked sob escapes her lips. And then, a sudden, violent gush. It's a torrent, a shamefully public flood that instantly soaks her pajama bottoms and the blanket beneath her. Rosa's body convulses again, a full body shudder of pure, unadulterated release. Then, she collapses, panting, her face buried in her pillow. The frantic energy is gone, replaced by a deep, exhausted stillness.

Trista is shaking now, her entire body trembling with the effort of holding on. Her own bladder is screaming, a constant, throbbing ache that makes her want to whimper. She has to press both hands between her legs now, a desperate, clumsy attempt to hold back the tide. Her mind is a haze of pain and fascination.

Her gaze finds Gloria, who is a wire stretched to its breaking point. Her body is taut, her muscles straining. A single, violent tremor wracks her frame, a convulsion that leaves her gasping. And then, she too goes still. A soft, sighing hiss fills the air, followed by the sight of a dark patch rapidly spreading across her shorts. Gloria lets out a long, shuddering moan, a sound of pure, exhausted release. Trista's own bladder spasms again, another hot leak that she can't stop. She whimpers, the sound a pathetic, broken thing.

Elaine's cot lets out a final, agonizing creak as she gives in. Her body convulses, a full body shudder of pure, unadulterated release. A dark, spreading stain blossoms on her pajamas, a flash flood that soaks the fabric in an instant. Elaine lets out a long, wavering wail, a sound of pure, mortified despair that is quickly muffled as she buries her face in her pillow.

Finally, Trista's eyes land on Serena. Even now, she fights with a certain performance, a desperate, ingrained grace. Her body arches, her hips lifting off the bed in a silent, convulsive plea. Then, she collapses, a soft, sighing hiss filling the air as the dark patch spreads across her silk pajamas. It's a slow, steady release, a final, exhausted surrender. Serena lets out a long, shuddering moan, a sound of pure, exhausted release.

Trista is in agony. Her own control is hanging by a thread, a frayed, desperate thing that is about to snap. She has to press both hands between her legs now, a desperate, clumsy attempt to hold back the tide. Her mind is a haze of pain and fascination.

Her gaze finds Selene, and her body is rigid, her muscles straining. A single, violent tremor wracks her frame, a convulsion that leaves her gasping. And then, she too goes still. A soft, sighing hiss fills the air, followed by the sight of a dark patch rapidly spreading across her shorts. Selene lets out a long, shuddering moan, a sound of pure, exhausted release.

Trista's own bladder spasms again, another hot leak that she can't stop. She whimpers, the sound a pathetic, broken thing. She's going to lose it. She knows it. She can feel it.

Her eyes, wide and unblinking, drift to the final cot in the room, Hilda's. Even now, she's fighting it with every fiber of her being. But the legendary energy, the unseen force that has brought all these strong, capable girls to their knees, is relentless. It’s a tide, and Hilda, for all her strength, is just one more person in its path. And then, it happens. Hilda lets out a long, wavering wail, a sound of pure, mortified despair that is quickly muffled as she buries her face in her pillow, her body finally going limp in the growing warmth.

At the exact same moment, Trista's own control shatters.

It's not a slow, steady release. It's a dam breaking. A hot, unstoppable flood that soaks her panties in an instant, the warmth spreading down her legs, a shocking, shameful heat that she can't stop. A choked sob escapes her lips, a sound of pure, mortified despair. She doubles over, her hands pressed uselessly against her crotch, her body convulsing with the force of her own release. The sound of her own accident is deafening in the quiet room, a loud, shamefully public hiss that seems to go on forever.

She stands there, frozen, her body trembling, her mind a blank, horrified void. The fascination, the morbid curiosity, is gone, replaced by a cold, crushing wave of shame The room is a chorus of quiet, shameful releases, and she is now a part of it, a final, pathetic note in the symphony of desperation. She looks down at the puddle forming at her feet, and determines that her investigation might have gone a bit too far.

___

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

(18+ ONLY)

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche/bsky @ZappOBrien!

