While she teases (A Pokemon Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2022-03-31 14:28

A/N: Another one I had written for Peecember

“Nate…” Roxie says, staring him down in a way that he is not sure he likes. He is already not feeling too great right now, and the way she gives him that knowing look honestly only makes things worse for him. “Is something wrong?”

The teasing smirk on her face might have made his heart skip a beat at another time. There is a lot about her that makes his heart want to skip a beat after all. If he were not so desperate for this gym battle to end, then he would be a lot more keen on studying her, letting it drag out just so that he could spend more time in her presence, because she’s just that cool. Way too cool for him, but so cool he can’t help but want to get to know her.

“Nothing,” he replies, but he speaks too quickly, and immediately, he can tell that she has him all figured out, way too easily. He stiffens a bit, and she zeroes in on that, smirking even more. Yeah, she definitely has him figured out, and he would give anything to just fall through the floor right now, or better yet, completely disappear.

“Do you have to pee or something?” she asks, hitting the nail on the head. Nate flinches, and can feel his face going red.

So maybe it was a bad idea to not go to the bathroom before he came in here. Maybe it was a bad idea to assume this gym wouldn’t be too difficult when all he has is a few much weaker Pokemon, and a Snivy that is at a disadvantage right now. Maybe it felt manageable when he first started battling her trainers, but now, he is so desperate he can’t even stand still, and even though he has managed to survive this long, and might even be able to win this if he keeps it up, the fact remains that it has been a very long battle to get him to this point, and he knows it will be a much longer wait before he can get out of here.

And he has to pee now.

“It’s not really a big deal,” is all that he says, trying to seem casual about it, while also not bothering to lie to her, when he knows that she has him figured out. There is no way he ever could have looked cool in front of her, but now, he is afraid that he is just going to look downright pathetic.

“It looks like it’s pretty bad to me,” she teases him. Has she noticed every time that he has had to shift his weight from foot to foot? “Are you sure you don’t need a little break? I mean, you’d have to forfeit the battle, but after you’d taken care of that, we could start all over.”

“No way, that’s not gonna happen,” he snaps, pressing his thighs together even while he speaks. “I’m going to be just fine, you’ve got nothing to worry about there.”

“Oh, I’m not worried about anything. Whether you piss yourself trying to beat me or not is no concern of mine!” Roxie says. He isn’t sure how to describe the way he feels when she taunts him, but it mingles with his humiliation in such a strange way that it makes it difficult for him to process. Right now, he has way too much going on to really worry about something like that, or maybe he just knows that it will be much easier for him if he doesn’t think about why he almost might like it.

He is getting to the point where this is feeling critical. As much as he hates to admit it, she is probably right about him needing to forfeit for a break, but he can’t just do something like that. Not when he has made it this far, and not when he knows it will give her immense satisfaction just to see him turn tail and run. He tries not to think about the satisfaction she will no doubt get if he does not make it, or the way that satisfaction is going to make him feel.

That being said, he knows that he does not have all that much longer left. He knows that he is at the end of his rope and that the battle is still in full swing, and that he can’t stand still, that he can’t resist the urge to just hold himself to try and hold out a little while longer. He is aware of Roxie laughing at this, and all these weird feelings make it that much harder to concentrate, until it is too late for him.

Nate really does not make it that long after Roxie figuring out what the problem is. He certainly does not make it to the end of the battle, not even close, and when he loses control, it is easy to tell what is happening. In no time at all, he has soaked through his shorts, the stain spreading across the front, in full view of the smug gym leader. Humiliation washes over him, as does relief, but there is something else beneath all of that, a feeling that leaves him flushed and not sure how to react.

But Roxie is flushed too, even as she smirks at him and teases him for what he has done. The slightest hint of pink to her cheeks makes him wonder if he is alone in feeling like this, or if she is just as excited as he is right now. By the time he has finished emptying his bladder, he still does not have any answers, nor does he think now is a good time to ask. After all, he pissed himself to get to this point in the battle, so there is no way he is letting anything distract him from getting his gym badge now.

After it is all over, though…he might just have to ask Roxie some personal questions.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

