I’m going to get revenge on my sister for making me wet myself!

Author: Zentou

*000*2023-07-25 08:02

Chapter 1: The Powder Keg

The bright lights of the crowded airport lit up the sky above the setting sun. Many cars and buses were bumper to bumper as each selfishly tried to make their way around to their gates. People walked, engines hummed, and suitcases clacked along the ridges of concrete squares. And under all of that commotion and smoggy air urged the voice of a family’s mother.

“Come now, we gotta hurry!” she said. “Go go go! We’re gonna be late!”

“I’m hurrying as much as I can Mom!” shouted a young girl. She hastily made her way out of the shuttle. In doing so, she dropped her plastic water bottle. The bottom of it burst open, spilling water and ice out into a big puddle. “Aw man! That was my favorite one too!” She stared at the ruined bottle. She wore a black designer t-shirt with hot-pink highlights around the ends of the sleeves, blue skinny jeans, black shoes with white soles, and a cap that covered up most of her brown hair save for the pony-tail poking out the back and hid her red tinged eyes. She was approaching 4 foot 10 and couldn’t have been older than 15 and a half.

A man followed her out and looked at the mess. “Oh, Abbah.”

“It wasn’t my fault Dad, I-”

“We don’t have time to play the blame game Abbah dear.” her mother said, “Krim, if you’d please clean it up.”

“Right’o.” he said. He picked up the shattered piece of plastic and tossed it into the nearest trash can, which was across the street heading into the gates. A couple people in the crowd cheered upon witnessing the feat. Krim dusted off his shoulders and smiled, “Yeah, I am pretty good. Aren’t I Violet?”

The mother rolled her eyes and smiled, “Whatever you say Mr. Man. Now come on! Where’s Mink?”

“Prolly still texting her boyfriend I would guess.” said Abbah, still grumpy from breaking her bottle.

“I am not!” said a voice from the shuttle. “Is that all you can ever think about?” Out stepped a 5 foot 7 brown haired girl, similar looking to Abbah. But she wore a red hoodie with black jeans and gray shoes. Her hair was allowed to flow down her body freely almost messily and her blue eyes looked almost unfocused and tired. Looked as if she was 18-19 years old.

“Oh, I don’t know sis! How could I ever think about anything else when all you were doing last night was giggling at your phone all through the night. I swear you’re lucky Mom and Dad had a separate room or they would’ve taken that thing away from you for sure!”

“You little-”

Krim stood between the two. “Alright girls, we can talk about this more once we’re on the plane. If we don’t hurry, I’m sure Mama Violet will kill all three of us!” he said while quickly running his thumb across his throat. The three then looked at her and saw that she was receiving the luggage from the shuttle driver and missed Krim’s remark.

“Agreed.” the two sisters said in unison.

Violet then called them over. “Alright everyone! The bags are out. Grab what’s yours and let’s hurry!”

The family checked through the baggage loading zone, TSA, and navigated through the entire airport in what felt like record time to Abbah. As they rushed through the cold airport atmosphere she wished she had worn her jacket.

A ring ran through the terminal. “This is LayLines flight 227, we are now accepting groups A through H for boarding. We ask that if you are a group of any other letter to please wait patiently, we will get to you soon. Again, Laylines flight 227-”

“That’s us alright.” said Violet, “Do you all have your tickets in hand?”

“Yeah.” The other three said, Krim and Abbah showing their paper tickets while Mink showed her digital one on her phone. All were group O 3-6 respectively.

“We still have a little time.” said Violet, “We just have to take the mono-rail to the building our gate is in and we should be home free.”

“I hope it comes soon,” said Abbah. She hasn’t told anyone yet, but she had a moderate urge to pee ever since they arrived. Early in the morning around 10:00, the family had planned to go to one last location they planned to go to on their rare vacation. Though problems started to arise. Violet had taken extra long to apply her make up and couldn’t find her favorite flowery dress. The other three waited and looked for ages. By the time everything was done, Mink said she had to use the bathroom before they went. But, everyone lost track of time when the parents browsed social media on their phones and Abbah started watching TV. Soon, they realized that 20 minutes had gone by. Krim knocked on the door and Mink was startled and said sorry accompanied with a flush. By then, Abbah had to go a little bit, shifting her legs slightly. But if they were going to make it to the session they planned, they had to go now. She pushed the urge to the back of her mind.

They had taken all their luggage to the rental car because that was the last day they had booked at the hotel and they were planning to head straight to the airport after they were done exploring the location they were going to. As events went on, Abbah forgot her urge at the place they visited, she endured a somewhat long drive to the car rental place and had just missed the shuttle and had to wait for the next one. The rental place only had employee bathrooms. Another 40 minutes and Violet starts to get concerned whether or not they’ll make it in time. Abbah considered telling everyone of her situation, but she thought it’d be too embarrassing to admit now. The next shuttle arrived and through heavy traffic and slight detours, they finally made it to where they are now.

Abbah started to consider whether or not it was a bad idea to wait as long as she did. They were in such a rush and she didn’t want to slow everyone down with her needs. They were already on the mono-rail to the gate.

“...Groups Q-X are now boarding-” the announcer said.

Great, Abbah thought, They’re boarding faster than I thought they would. That was when she caught Mink huddled up near the front window. Her smile was practically ear to ear as she looked at her phone. Curiosity got the better of Abbah and she moved over to see what Mink was looking at, only for her smile to disappear quickly.

“What’re you doing?” Mink asked, placing her phone screen upon her chest.

“I’m bored.” responded Abbah, “I wanna see whatever’s got you smiling that.”

“That’s none of yo business.”

Abbah scooched closer, “Come on, lemme see.”

Mink scrunched upon more into the corner. “I said no.”

Abbah then reached for the phone, “Just let me see!”

“No! You psycho!” said Mink as she tried to push Abbah away. The two roughhoused silently until Krim intervened.

“Alright girls!” he said sternly enough to have the two sisters break apart. “Why don’t you save that energy for getting to the gate?”

“Okay!” said Abbah in her fit of excitement. She jumped to her feet but immediately upon landing. A sharp urge made her legs buckle as they instinctively tried to cross themselves.

Mink laughed at her. “Be careful or you’ll break your ankles Abby.”

“S-Shut up!” said Abbah blushing slightly while also feeling relieved that Mink misinterpreted her actions. The family exited the mono-rail and headed straight for their gate.

“...Now accepting all groups for Layline flight 227, we are leaving in 5 minutes. I repeat-”

“Look up there,” said Krim. They all looked at the gate they were supposed to go to. “There’s no one there, let’s hurry.” The whole family sped up.

However, Abbah was finding it quite hard to keep up. Though she may have quelled her sudden urge from earlier, it didn’t exactly go back to the way it was before. It was now slightly worse and she could barely walk without having to cross her legs every 5 steps.

“Come on Abby.” called Mink, “We’re gonna leave you behind if you don’t keep up.”

“I’m trying!” she said back.

Soon enough, the family were able to board their plane. Barely anyone was waiting in line for their seat when they arrived. While the rest of the family went to their seats, Abbah lagged a bit behind and asked a flight attendant if she could use the bathroom. To which she was told that she had to wait until they were in the air. They all took their seats. Abbah was in the window seat while Mink, Violet, and Krim sat in the middle, aisle, and other aisle seat respectively.

Abbah watched outside the window with her head on her hand and her foot tapping restlessly. She was sitting down, but the urge didn’t feel any better. Try as she might, the feeling of a filling bladder couldn’t get off her mind anymore. Soon the plane got lined up and started takeoff. The force of it made Abbah grab her crotch slightly. But once they were slightly high in the air, the complex pattern of the lit up urban sprawl put her in awe. This was the first time she had flown on a plane at night.

“Whoa,” she said, “Isn’t it pretty Mink?”

Mink leaned over to look out the window. “Eh, seen it.” she said, immediately going back on her phone.

“Pfft, at least someone’s enjoying it.” She was half lying, as her need was still slowly but steadily increasing. She crossed her legs a little more tightly, shaking them a little more vigorously than before. They flew higher and higher until the announcement came up.

“As you can see, the seatbelt light is turned off. Please take this time to relieve yourselves in the restrooms located at the front and the back of the aircraft. Reminder that our flight time ETA is 3 hours and 45 minutes, we should arrive at 11:53 pm. There are clear skies at about 64 degrees F, so there shouldn’t be any problems upon landing. Once again, this is LayLine flight 227. Welcome aboard.”

Upon the announcement's end, Abbah finally unbuckled her seatbelt and stood up. But as she looked, she saw that both bathrooms had already formed a queue.

“Shoulda gone in the middle of them giving the announcement.” said Mink offhandedly, distracted by her phone.

“It’s fine.” Abbah said as she sat back down with her arms crossed. “I didn’t have to go that bad anyway.”

“Uh-huh.”

Abbah waited patiently, doing her best to contain her urge without having to make it obvious with her hands. She started to get thirsty though. Having to move fast through the smoggy air and cold air inside left her throat a little dry. Once she felt that she had waited long enough, she stood up to look again but noticed the snack cart. She couldn’t just miss the opportunity to hoard up snacks and sat back down.

“Hey all, what snack would guys like to eat and what drink?” the flight attendant asked.

“Pretzels and water please,” said Abbah. The rest of the family ordered the same thing. When the attendant walked by, they all carefully migrated all of their snacks and drinks over to Abbah. Finally, something for her to quell the boredom in the flight. She didn’t have a phone after all, despite asking for one since she was 13. Before she dug in however, her bladder reminded her of its increasing urgency. She ignored it for now as she saw that no one was in the queue anymore, thinking she could finish her snacks and drinks before going.

She started eating. Eat and drink as she went without a care in the world. Upon reaching half way through her third bag of pretzels, she started to slow down. She laid her head down against the side of the wall and looked at the lit up urban pattern again. It was so pretty. The lull of the dimly lit plane along with the gorgeous view of the golden city below made her eyelids feel heavy. In time, they closed on their own as Abbah was left to sleep in peace.

That was until the plane shook violently, making Abbah knock her head into the wall a couple times until she woke up. She looked out the window and saw that they were landing. The loud sound of tons of air whooshing by as the flaps opened up to slow down reminded Abbah of something crucial. Her bladder, now more filled than ever before. The violent shaking made the urine inside slosh around like a storm. Abbah tried her best to contain the urge with just her legs, but no matter how extra tight she squeezed and crossed, it wasn’t going to work this time. She had to put her hand down onto her crotch and press down hard. It was a downright battle for control until the plane finally slowed down to a crawl.

Abbah was breathing heavily from all the effort and gave a slight sigh of relief. She really couldn’t believe she slept through the whole flight. Her throat felt dry again and she instinctively reached for a cup of water, which she found were all empty.

“Where’s my water?” she asked quietly.

“I drank the rest,” said Mink. still distracted enough by her phone to allow Abbah to continue holding her crotch.

“That was mine though.”

“Yeah, but you were asleep so…”

Abbah only sighed. In hindsight, drinking more probably would’ve been a really bad idea. She then sat there, subtly shifting in her seat as she watched the plane more at a snail's pace down the tarmac as it looked for a place to park. Her hand tried several times to try and move away from her crotch, only for a few seconds to pass and require its aid once again. She was shakier than ever and started to desperately shift side to side. It was starting to become unbearable and sweat began to form on Abbah’s hands.

The plane came to a stop with the sudden shift in momentum causing Abbah’s urge to increase slightly. She took a sharp breath as she pressed down harder on her crotch.

Violet stood up and stretched, “Mmm, we’re finally here.” She then leaned down to Mink and Abbah, making Abbah quickly shift her hand away. “Make sure you two use the bathroom while we’re here. I don’t want you guys to complain on the way home because we’re going straight there.”

“Don’t gotta tell me Mom,” said Mink.

“Hope there isn't a line,” said Abbah. She tried to stand up along with Mink, but found herself unable to do so for very long without the support of her hand. So she sat back down until it was their turn to leave their seats as she had gained a little more control due to her little scare with Violet. Then the time came for her to stand and start walking. The gravity put immediate pressure on her pee hole when she stood up. She took deep breaths in an effort to hype herself up and get going. She took her bag and hobbled as discreetly as she could out of the plane.

“You guys want any snacks or drinks for the way back?” asked Violet.

Abbah detested the idea. “No thanks, I-”

“Yes,” groaned Mink, “I’m dying for a Caprico right now.”

Abbah crossed her legs a little more as they walked. “C-Can’t we go to the bathroom first?”

“I don’t want you getting lost, Abbah dear.” said Violet, “The shop is closer than the bathrooms. Once we’re done, then we’ll take you.”

“Okay, but please hurry…” Abbah said with her voice trailing off.

The family made it to the shop and Mink and Violet went inside. Krim and Abbah on the other hand stood outside. Krim leaned upon the wall and sighed. Having nothing else to do, he looked at Abbah and noticed that she was periodically shifting her weight from side to side.

“Is it pretty bad Abbah?” he asked.

Abbah chuckled slightly, which made her bend her legs a little more. “I guess you could say it’s getting pretty annoying.”

“I could take you if you want?”

“Will Mom be okay with that?”

Krim looked up and down the hallway as if he was looking out for spies. “She don’t gotta know. We’ll be in and out quick before she even realizes. She takes forever to shop anyway.” he said like he was hyping Abbah up for a heist.

She smiled. “Yeah, let’s go.” The two peered into the shop and saw Violet and Mink combing the walls for snacks. They nodded to each other and hurried off. Getting away from Mom felt exciting for Abbah, despite her need. Violet may seem a little controlling, but Abbah knew that she was only doing what's best for them. The thought distracted her for a second from her need, which almost caused a little bit to come out. She came to a dead stop and grabbed at her crotch. She noticed a few people looking her way in curiosity, but they moved on without a second thought.

Krim swiveled around on his heel. “Whoa whoa whoa, are you okay?”

“Y-Yeah um… I just need… a little bit.” she said with a strained voice.

“Do you need me to carry you?”

“No! Not in a place like this! I can make it.” With that statement, she was able to get her need under control. “Okay, I think I’m ready.” The two moved again, but the urge felt a little worse after that little lapse. As they walked, Abbah sneaked a hand down to her crotch every few steps. She could barely walk straight or keep up with Krim. So he had to slow down so much that he was practically tripping over himself with how slow he was going.

They were now close to the bathrooms. A lady stood at the corner the two were going to go around. At first, they didn’t pay her any mind, until they saw why she was standing there.

“There’s a line?!” said Abbah, crossing her legs instinctively. “Of course there’s a line! That’s just my luck.”

“Really? I thought it was a lounge?” Krim said sarcastically. Abbah groaned at Krims' attempt at humor. “I’m kidding! Alright? Look, there’s another set of bathrooms on the other side of the booking area.”

“Don’t bother,” said one of the ladies. “The only reason this line is as long as it is is because the other one is under maintenance.”

“H-How long have you been waiting?” Abbah asked with a hint of desperation in her voice

“About 10 minutes, I haven't moved an inch though.”

“Do you think I can have your spot? I… really really have to go.”

“You could have the spot I would have if I left the line right now.”

“Oh okay.” Abbah said disheartened. In reality she was thinking, That jerk!

“Well, no point in staying here Abbah. Let’s go back to Mom okay?”

“Y-Yeah.”

As the two walked back, Abbah swore she could feel the water filling up her bladder now. Her movements became ever more erratic as her hand started to rarely leave her crotch.

“Just where did you two run off to?!” demanded Violet with her arms crossed and snacks in her hand.

Krim raised his hands defensively. “We just went to the bathroom is all. Nothing to worry about.”

Mink looked at Abbah squirming around. “Something tells me you didn’t though.”

“Gosh Krim!” said Violet, throwing her arms down to her side. “I was worried sick! For all I known, you coulda-”

Krim rushed forward and held both of her hands. “Hey now, you don’t gotta worry. I’m here now ain’t I?” he said close to her face.

“I know, it’s just-” she glanced at Mink and Abbah, “At least tell me first next time okay?”

“I promise.” Krim then gave Violet a kiss.

“Ewww.” said both Mink and Abbah.

Krim looked at the girls with a smirk and a raised eyebrow, “Oh? Wanna see me do it again?”

“No! Ewwwww!” the girls said.

Krim puckered up to kiss Violet again, but she placed her hand over his mouth and pushed him away. “Let’s wait ‘til we get home okay.” she said with a chuckle.

“Awww.” said Krim sadly.

“Thank god.” said Mink, “You two get a room.”

“Can we hurry guys?” said Abbah with her hands on her thighs as she bent forward. “I still have to go.”

“Yeah, I have to also.” said Mink. Abbah somewhat envied her as her situation didn’t look nearly as bad.

“Sorry you two, there’s a long line at the bathroom and the other one is down for maintenance.” explained Krim.

“You’re kidding.” said Mink. “I kinda have to go pretty bad.”

“Are you kidding Mink?” said Abbah as she stood up and crossed her legs, “Look at me, I’m pretty sure I have to go more than you.”

“Why are you turning it into a competition? I’m just saying I have to go.”

Abbah sighed, “Fine whatever. Can we just go?”

“Yes, let’s go. Baggage claim first, then the drive home.”

The family walked down the hall towards baggage claim. They passed the even longer bathroom queue once again and Abbah couldn’t tell whether or not the lady she talked to had even moved. The sight made her slow down considerably in order to let a wave pass before she continued. For a whole 15 minutes, they watched the slow turning of the baggage on the treadmill. Abbah had resigned herself to the corner of the tinted window wall since it was out of sight enough for her to grab her crotch comfortably. She couldn’t bring herself to remove it anymore without risking a leak. Soon, the family found their luggage.

“Okay Abbah,” asked Violet. “We could either wait for you to go through the line, or you can try and make it home. Which do you want?”

Abbah considered her options. On one hand, she didn’t want to wait what could be an extra 20 minutes just to get home. But home was at least an hour away.

“Oh my god, let’s just go home.” complained Mink. “I’m so tired already. I’ll probably pass out in that line.”

“Mink!” scolded Violet, “Don’t rush your sister like that!”

“No, it’s fine.” said Abbah, “Let’s just go. I’m sure I can make it.”

“Are you sure?” asked Krim.

“Yeah,” she stood up and removed her hand from her tightly crossed legs, “I’m sure.”

“Okay then.” said Violet, “Help us with a bag and let's hurry.”

Abbah was given a suitcase with wheels and they all made their way to the car deep in the parking lot. Though, Abbah’s show of drive was short lived as she had to put her hand back down to her crotch after they crossed the street. It was getting really bad now. Her bladder felt like it was bulging out of her stomach whenever she grazed it with her forearm. Without her hand, she felt like her pee would start to trickle out. She shelved her feeling of slight embarrassment as she passed others walking to their car. Receiving some looks of curiosity along the way.

Finally, they made it to the car. “Okay, I’ll pack the bags, you guys wait in the car.”

“Okay, thank you.” said Mink as she left her bag next to the trunk and moved to the backseat while pulling her phone out. Violet occupied the passenger seat. Once Abbah caught up, she wanted to do her part and help. She attempted to raise her duffle bag up inside the trunk, but a sharp urge forced her to grab at her crotch with both hands, dropping the suitcase in the process.

“Ah! Ahhhh…” she said, breathing hard.

Krim looked at her skeptically. “Are you sure you can make it?”

“Y-Yeah, I got it.”

“Look, just wait inside. I’ll get this done as soon as I can.”

“Okay, please hurry.” she said as she walked to the other side of the backseat.

“I’ll do my best.”

Abbah walked over to the door. It was pretty high, meaning she would have to take a pretty big step to get in. But her urge hasn’t gone down that much at all since her last wave. She started to doubt whether or not she could make it. But she steeled her mind. She had to make it. There was no way someone of her age was going to pee herself. She pressed both hands into her crotch extra hard until it felt like all the pee in her urethra had been pushed back into her bladder. She then quickly opened the door and stepped up, only to have a drop come out.

She gasped and hesitated slightly before pulling herself all the way up into the seat. As she closed the door, she started to breathe heavily. She clamped her hands down onto her pee hole to make sure nothing else escaped.

“You look like you’re gonna burst,” said Mink, peering just over the top of her phone.

“And you look like… you need to mind your own business.” Abbah said more harshly than she intended.

“Pfft, whatever. Just don’t pee on me.” Mink went back to looking at her phone.

Abbah started to get greatly concerned. She never had to pee so bad in her life, at least what she could remember. If she attempted to remove her hands, a wave threatened to leak more pee into her panties than just a drop. This was the endgame now, she will not pee her pants!

The driver door opened up and Krim came inside. “Alright, is everyone good? No one forgot anything?”

“Yep, we’re good.” answered Mink for the both of them, opening her caprico bottle and taking a swig. The sight made Abbah’s urge slightly worse. “Okay, let’s go.”

As they weaved their way out the parking lot, Abbah could tell her Dad was driving faster than normal. Every turn sloshed the pee inside her bladder, wearing it down bit by bit. After 10 minutes, they made it to the freeway. Mink had already passed out with an empty Caprico bottle at her feet. Abbah attributed it to the young adult stereotype she heard on the internet. Her hold however was starting to cloud her entire mind. If it wasn’t for the orange scent of the Caprico drink filling up the car, it’d be the only thing on her mind.

20 minutes elapsed. The urge was worse than it had ever been. It was as powerful as the wave she got back in the parking lot except it was persistent. She was wriggling and writhing all around in order to keep it inside. Her parents didn’t pay her mind too much as they wanted her to focus on her struggle.

Just 40 more minutes! She said to herself.

30 minutes had elapsed. Everything was a struggle now. She couldn’t sit still. Her hands never left her crotch anymore and her fingers pressed hard into her pee hole. Even actions as simple as adjusting her position required her to brace for the movement. She was desperate for a bathroom, and she needed one soon.

40 minutes elapsed. Her hands were so sweaty that they started to slip off each other. Abbah’s entire body was vibrating with strain. In one particular moment of incident, her left hand slipped off her other hand off her crotch. In just that moment, Abbah thought she was going to lose it as a huge wave of desperation rushed through her body from her startle. She had just got it under control, but she swore she felt another drop spill onto her panties.

No! No! No! She thought, We’re only 20 minutes away! I can make it! I will make it! I will not pee myself!

50 minutes elapsed. Things were looking dire. Everything was agony. Her hands were buried deep in her crotch between her legs resembling a Twizzler. She clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut in strain. Every little bump and turn felt like they would be the ones to do her in. The pee felt like it was standing just outside her pee hole. Then, a particularly nasty bump came and went. The sudden shock made Abbah lose her first leak.”

“No! Come on! Please!” she said as she doubled down on her efforts to hold it in. She pressed so hard into her crotch that her whole entire hands hurt. Though she was able to seal it off, the wave refused to die down. Her pee now had an arm out the door and it was trying to force it open. “I need to pee, I need to pee.” she repeated to herself. In her strain, she felt around her crotch in order to gauge the damage. Her panties weren’t absolutely soaked, but they were wet enough to have left just a little drop sized wet patch on her jeans. Her eyes were starting to tear up. She was hoping, she was absolutely begging for them to get home soon.

But then, the worst happened. The same bump knocked Mink’s head against the window of the car.

“Ow…” she said groggily. She looked around for a moment before coming to a realization. “Uh oh. Dad, how long until we get home?”

“About 7 minutes.” answered Krim. “Why?”

“I really have to use the bathroom. Like, really badly.” she said while crossing her legs tight.

Krim sighed, “Shouldn’t have drank all that Caprico.”

“By the way, I call first dibs on the bathroom when we get home.”

Abbah was horrified, but she was too focused on holding to protest. How much more could three more minutes be? She thought, I can still make it!

60 minutes had elapsed. They were now driving on their familiar street. Abbah was ready to practically burst out of the car once they parked. They turned into their driveway. As they did so, the sudden movement of the car caused Abbah to leak again, a little bigger than last time. Long after they had stopped moving, Abbah twisted, grabbed, clenched, braced all she could to lower her desperation. But nothing was working. She decided it was now or never. As Mink and Violet exited the car and went up to the door, Abbah slowly opened the door and attempted to lower herself as carefully as she could onto the ground.

Then, another leak. She felt the wetness around her crotch grow around her fingers. She panicked and dropped down fast in order to put her full efforts into holding, which made her leak again. Now there was a considerably sized wet patch on her jeans, no bigger than her fist. Still she doubled down and held as if her life depended on it. Forgetting her bags, she hobbled one step at a time towards the door. Each step was painful as every single one threatened to pop her absolutely bursting bladder. Though, before she knew it, she was standing at the opened front door. She was so close, she could actually make it. But the ecstatic feeling was quickly taken away.

A spurt. A big one. It lasted for about a second and doubled the size of her wet patch. Just the sound of her pee hitting her clothing fabrics was enough to send her into panic mode. She stood in place, squeezed her eyes shut, bent down, twisted her legs, and held her crotch as hard as she could. She was as stiff as a board as the strain through her muscles made her whole entire body vibrate. The spurt ended with a little bit of trailing drops at the end. She had successfully contained the rest of her pee, but then a realization came to her.

“I-I… I can’t… move.” she squealed to herself. She was in the only position that prevented her from having a huge jet of pee surge through her pants. “Come on! I just… need… to move…!” But she stood in place, for even shifting her weight the wrong way threatened another spurt.

Then Krim came back down the stairs to get the rest of the luggage, that was when he saw Abbah. “Oh my god, Abbah! A-Are you okay?” He looked down at her considerable wet patch. There were streaks of pee riding down her legs and there were a few drops of it on the concrete.

“I… can’t… make it!” she managed to say through her strain.

Krim’s face grew serious. “I can carry you to the bathroom, would you like me to do that?” Abbah reluctantly nodded, which was enough to have her tense up in order to stop her fourth leak. “Okay, I’m gonna take you by the shoulders. You ready? 1, 2, 3!” He hoisted Abbah up by the shoulders. Upon doing so, it was immediately accompanied by a leak.

Abbah strained, but she was starting to become exhausted. The leak sent another streak down her pants. “H-Hurry, go!” Krim moved fast and swung her around and moved up the stairs. Every other step made Abbah lose another drop into her panties.

“Smoother please!” she cried.

“I’m trying my best, Abbah.” Krim said. Finally they made it to the top. “Mink! You almost done in there?”

“I’ll need another minute.” she said back. Abbah could hear the slight pattering of the water inside. This made a rolling chill go through her body, making her lose another leak. Her streaks of pee almost made it all the way down her jeans. Her crotch was so soaked that her leaks were starting to drop onto the floor. She could barely stop as her being carried by the shoulders was less than ideal for holding with her hands.

“I’m… not… gonna make it!” exclaimed Abbah.

“You’re gonna make it, just wait a little longer.” urged Krim. He moved fast to his bedroom, where the master bathroom was. Upon entering however, he saw that it was occupied as well. “Violet? How long are you gonna be?”

“It’s number 2.” said Violet.

Krim groaned in disappointment. Then he got another idea. “Do you think you can make it outside?”

“Yes yes! Anything please!” cried Abbah.

“Alright, we’re going.” But Krim moved Abbah around too fast. When he turned around, Abbah leaked again. Three drops of pee landed on the hardwood floor.

“Don’t jerk me around! I’m losing it!” she cried.

“Okay.” Krim stabilized his hold, but was still moving too fast. By the time they left through the doorway, she had leaked again.

“Not so fast!” Krim slowed down, making sure to keep her as level as possible. Even with that, a 1.5 second spurt made its way out of her pee hole and into her overly soaked panties. “No! No! Just put me down!” Krim put her down in front of the bathroom Mink was using.

“You can’t make it outside?” asked Krim.

“No. Not while moving like that.” said Abbah. Her wet spot was now just reaching her knees. “I’ll just try and wait for Mink.”

“Okay, I’ll be getting the luggage.”

“You, Ah! You do that!” Krim nodded and went back downstairs.

Abbah couldn’t think of anything she could do. She was bent almost 90 degrees, her knees were twisted and moved up and down, her hands were so wet and straining against the river, and her bladder bulged out of her body so much that it felt rock hard. She knocked desperately against the door.

“Mink, come on! You’ve been in there forever!”

“I just got here!” she responded. “Just give me another minute.”

“Hurry up!” Abbah cried. There she danced the desperate person's dance. Up, down, left, right, clench the crotch, grit the teeth, squeeze the eyes closed. She danced there for 30 seconds, then 1 minute, then 3 minutes. She no longer had the focus to raise her voice. “Please! Please! Come on!” she said to herself. She went for a knock, but then it happened. She leaked again. Adding to the droplets already on the floor. She desperately shifted her legs to the left while clenching hard with her hands. A leak.

Abbah was praying for anything to let her make it to the bathroom. She shifted her legs to the right, another leak. “No more of that!” her mind said. She immediately put all her muscles into maximum overdrive. Becoming stiff as a board once more. Her legs were crossed so tightly that she thought she would pull a muscle, her arms clenched so hard that she thought she would break them in half. She breathed through her hardly gritted teeth and her eyes were shut tightly with effort. Despite all of this, only after a few seconds, her pee hole started to trickle out slowly through her fingers.

“No!” she said with a deeply strained voice. She hoped it would just stop if she just held her position, but it kept coming steadily. She could feel the volume of warm pee flow down her pants as it slowly started to go over her knees. “Come on!” she squealed. She pushed extra hard with the palms of her hands. It worked for a second before the trickle started coming out twice as strong.

“I… gotta…. make… it!” This time, she put too much effort into holding and lost her balance. She had to step forward in order to stay up right. But this caused an absolutely massive spurt. She tasked everything in her body to hold in her pee. She crouched all the way to the floor and pressed as hard as she could on her pee hole, pee gushing out through her fingers. Her body strained and vibrated so much that she started to drool out the side of her mouth. Then, the spurt finally stopped after 3 seconds. Due to her new position, her butt was now soaking wet as well and her pants continuously dripped pee into a now considerably sized puddle on the floor due to the sheer volume of pee in them. But now there was an even bigger problem.

She was trapped. She had to put 100% of her energy into just keeping her pee inside. If she did anything else, she would lose it. Her mind was so clouded by her effort that she didn’t even realize that Mink had opened the door.

“Uh Abby, you okay?” she asked.

Abbah gasped. Realizing that the bathroom was finally open was the final straw. She leaked. “No.” She leaked again. “No!” Again and again they came, despite putting 100% into hold. “Come on! Just stay inside!” Almost defiantly, her bladder emptied about a 2 second long spurt, pouring more pee into the puddle. She couldn’t stop this one fully, only able to reduce it to a trickle. “I will make it!” She put her full power into her clenching hands. The trickle grew stronger. “Stop!” The trickle grew stronger. “Please!” Then the dams burst.

Her pee started coming out full force with a whsssshhh! Her hands clamped down hard, but the pee was practically being flushed straight through them. She stayed in current hold position for 5 seconds before realizing it wasn’t working anymore. She stood straight up, and didn't work. She wriggled around, clenched as hard as she could, twisted her legs tighter. Nothing helped to even slow down the stream.

Abbah started to sob. “Stop!” she yelled out while stamping her foot. The stream did stop for a second, but immediately resumed full force into her pants. Despite her knowing what was happening, she was still pressing down on her pee hole in vain to continue holding. It was like trying to stop the water from flowing out of a garden hose, the pressure was just too much and all that it succeeded in doing was spreading the wetness even farther.

Abbah held until the bitter end, lasting about 1 minute and 10 seconds until her stream finally let up and stopped. Her jeans were sopping wet and the puddle started to drip down the stairs. Her shoes and sock were completely unsalvageable and squished with even the slightest step Abbah took. Even the bottom of her shirt wasn’t safe as she had pushed it into her crotch in her holding efforts. Abbah, absolutely humiliated, started to cry.

“A-Abbah, I thought… I thought you could make it-” Mink tried to say.

“Shut up!” snapped Abbah, “You’re a jerk! Get away from me!” She said as she shoved Mink out of the way and slammed the bathroom door in her face.

Inside, Abbah slid down on the door and began to cry into her arms. Her clothes were ruined. How could she pee her pants at her age? It just wasn’t fair! Why did it have to happen to her?! Why did Mink have to call dibs first?! Couldn’t Mink see how much more she had to go? She didn’t have to go that bad at all! She was only in there for as long as she was because she can’t just stop talking to that boyfriend that Abbah assumed she had! If only-

If only?

Something began to manifest in her head. That’s it. If only? If only, if only, if only! I know what to do now! Abbah thought to herself. If she wants to be a jerk to me and use the bathroom without even being desperate, then I’ll show her what true desperation is. Oddly, a bitter smile grew on her face. She schemed away in her head. We could do- or how about- and then I could- oh yes, that’s perfect. She continued on with her scheming as she started to peel her jeans off herself. It was hard at first as it was incredibly clingy with her skin. But once they were around her ankles, she looked at herself in the mirror. There she saw herself with absolutely soaked black and white striped panties, even riding up all the way the straps, and her bottom half soaked designer t-shirt.

Curiously, she pulled up her panties. The pee inside was squeezed out so that the couple drips that came out made it look like she was leaking again. Almost becoming mesmerized at the perfect imprint the panties had of her womanhood, she quickly took them off. She was now disgusted with what happened to her. She would never let Mink get away with this. She started the shower and tossed and kicked the rest of her clothes off to the side. As the shower ran, her need rose up again for some reason. She thought her body must’ve been fooling with her, but after 30 seconds she found that she was risking actually peeing on the floor. She thought fast and untied her ponytail before jumping in the shower while it was cold. She inhaled through her teeth as her back creased to the uncomfortable cold. Then she started to pee again.

No way. She thought, I’m peeing again. She watched as her yellow pee ran down her legs, warming up what little it could before being diluted and washed away by the cold shower water. For another 20 seconds, she slowly peed in the shower. Completely focusing on what was happening, it was almost like she was hypnotized by it. After it ended, it was then that she finally felt the relief of emptying her bladder. To feel normal again felt like something she had taken for granted.

But then she grew angry again. To think Mink would be so mean. I’ll show her! I’ll get her so desperate she will see the same humiliation I’ve felt today! I swear it. In her scheming mode again, a very strange feeling came to her after thinking about what it meant to be normal. Desperation, relief, then back to normality. A weird process for her for sure. But this thought produced an unfamiliar feeling. She could feel it in her heart and the bottom of her stomach, all of which cultivated around her womanhood.

Do I still have to pee? She thought. She attempted to relax and let it out, nothing happened. She crouched down and tried again, nothing happened. Then in a last ditch effort, she spread her womanhood in an attempt to pee, nothing happened. So weird. As she stood up, she found that she was now out of breath. But she excused it to all the holding finally catching up to her.

Soon, she finished up. She tossed all of her soaked clothes into the hamper and wrapped a towel around her body and hair. She stretched her arms and made her way out of the bathroom. As she stepped out, she noticed Mink leaning next to the door.

“H-Hey Abby, I just wanted to say-” Mink stopped as she noticed Abbah didn’t even stop to listen, opting to go straight to her room and close the door. She sighed sadly as a sinking feeling in her heart wracked her emotional state.

Abbah however, was very eager. She continued to scheme as she waited to dry, playing some video games on her old CRT TV to pass the time. Once sufficiently dry, she peeled off her towels and put on her blue pajamas.

There’s much I need to do tomorrow. She thought as she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

