Omorashi Ficlets

Author: Zapp Renfro

*002*2020-12-02 22:13

Got some more Pokemon ones to dump here.

Brycen x Rosa, Brycen notices Rosa struggling on set and does what he can to get her away

Brycen should not be turned on by this. Really, he should not be turned on at all right now, since they’re in the middle of shooting, and he is acting opposite Rosa, who is far too young for him, but those are both issues that he has had to deal with in the past, both things that he knows are completely out of his control. But this is a new one altogether, something he is completely taken by surprise by.

He really should just feel bad for her right now, and he does, but he is also turned on, watching the way she squirms when she thinks that no one is looking. The fact that Rosa needs to pee is pretty obvious to him, and also probably the reason they can’t get this take quite right. She is distracted, and he should not like this nearly as much as he does.

If only they could just take a quick break, then she would be okay, but they have to get this done first. Each time she struggles a little more, and it seems hopeless, and Brycen tries to keep his cool, glad that he can at least act his way through this, even if that seems to be more than Rosa is capable of right now. Each time the director yells for them to cut, she looks like she might cry, her legs shaking and her lip trembling. She must be too shy to ask for a break in front of everyone, but if she doesn’t…

“May we review our lines in private?” Brycen asks suddenly, thinking on his feet. It is the only way that he can think of to get a break, the only way he can get her out of here. And even though the director is frustrated, he is willing to let the two of them go because Brycen asked, and because he probably wants a break himself.

Rosa looks up at him in confusion, but Brycen wastes no time in assuring her along, quickly getting her off set, rushing her to the dressing room and trying to ignore how badly he wants to watch her squirm a little bit longer. Just a little bit further, and then he can tell her that he doesn’t need to review lines, that he just wanted to help her get a break. Everything will be just fine for her, because-

But things aren’t just fine, not at all. Brycen was able to think fast, but not fast enough for her, and she stops suddenly behind him, and he turns around just in time to see her hands, clenched into fists, trembling at her sides as she soaks her costume. So close, but not close enough, and her cheeks are red and there are tears in her eyes, and Brycen has never been more turned on in his life.

So what the hell is wrong with him, anyway?

“You have a backup for your costume,” he points out, realizing that he is not being helpful at all right now. But Rosa just nods and takes off, leaving him to try and come up with a way to clean up the mess she has left behind. He feels as though it is the least he can do, for being such a creep about the whole ordeal.

Sonia teaches Marnie and Gloria how to pee outdoors

It might be the right sort of thought to have right now, but Sonia is sort of glad to see that she is not the only one absolutely bursting to pee right now. And since has some experience with spending so much time outside, she sees this as the perfect chance to help out some young trainers, making it seem that much more selfless.

Both Marnie and Gloria look like they are just barely hanging on as they make their way through the wild area. She wonders if they realize just how obvious they make it that they have to pee right now. From where she is standing, it is pretty easy to tell, so she is quick to approach them, ready to teach them what they need to know in order to avoid this in the future.

After all, with all the camping they are going to be doing, they need to learn now that they can’t just rely on indoor, public bathrooms for all of their troubles.

Though both are a bit reluctant when she offers- which is understandable, considering how abrupt and personal an offer it is- but they do not have much choice, not in their current desperate states. Sonia is just about ready to pop herself, but she is a bit more experienced with keeping that need to herself, and is able to make it seem completely casual, the way that she undoes her pants, pulling them and her panties down around her ankles, before squatting to the ground.

She does this not a moment too soon, and her sigh of relief comes out a bit louder than she intends as she finally gets to empty her bladder. Sonia had definitely been cutting it a little close, but fortunately the desperate girls seem a little too distracted by their own bladders to realize just how close their impromptu mentor was to wetting herself before she came upon the two of them.

“Now, how about you girls try it?” she asks them, as she takes a sanitary wipe from her bag to clean herself up. She plans to offer some to them, something that she can’t recommend enough for outdoor traveling.

The girls have an easier time with it, since their skirts just need to be hiked up, while they pull their panties all the way down, mimicking Sonia’s position, so that they can freely pee without making a mess of themselves. Though both seemed a little unsure about doing this with an audience, it seems they were right on the edge of losing control as well, and this relief was much needed, and makes it entirely worth any awkwardness.

Gloria and Marnie both let out low sighs, their relief written all over their faces, and Sonia can’t help but feel a surge of fondness for both of them. It is nostalgic, in a way- not that she had anyone to teach her these things, made to figure them out for herself. That is why she is glad to have been able to help them, passing along her knowledge.

Dulse gets a little too excited by his sister Zossie's desperation

Being in a new world brings a lot of complications and unfamiliarities to the table, but one thing that Dulse had not considered, and that he is sure Zossie had not considered, is the lack of available bathrooms while out scouting and the lack of knowledge about where an appropriate place to go might be. If they were back home, even being outside like this would not be a problem at all, but here, there are a lot of uncertainties, and Dulse is sure that is what makes Zossie so reluctant.

He knows his little sister better than anyone in the world, perhaps even better than any older brother should, and that makes it easy for him to tell when she is trying to hide her desperation from him. It is pretty clear that she is only holding back because she has no idea what she is supposed to do or where she is supposed to do it, and though he wants to try and think of some way to help her, he doesn’t know how to do that without embarrassing her.

So he is left completely silent, watching her struggle, completely useless even as he tries to think of how he can help out. Zossie has not been this desperate in some time, and it has been long enough that he managed to forget just how strange it makes him feel, watching her squirm like that. Naturally, those thoughts all come rushing back to him right then and there, making it hard for him to focus even on his attempts to help.

Nothing that his little sister does should turn him on, but he has a feeling that this, especially, should not be as big of a turn on as it is. He tries to forget that part, tries to keep focused on the fact that she is struggling and needs him, because he has this horrible, sinking feeling that the reason he can’t bring himself to offer help has less to do with not wanting to embarrass her, and more to do with wanting to see her even more embarrassed.

But then she stops suddenly, and looks to him with her lower lip quivering a bit, and he knows, if he could see her eyes, that they would have the most pathetic, pleading look in them. His little sister needs him to help her, and he can’t think of anything because he is too turned on that he can’t think of anything, can’t do anything other than gawk at her.

But it is too late, either way. She waited until she was at her absolute limit before turning to him, and he has done nothing up until now, and now there is nothing he can do, other than watch her knees buckle as she finally loses control. All the while, he is left to question himself, and why he likes seeing her like this way more than he has any business liking anything his little sister does.

*003*2021-09-26 17:09

A/N: haven't updated this in a long time so let me try and get caught up!

1. Pokemon- Sabrina and Janine

Janine has no business laughing at her like this.

Sabrina is frustrated enough by the fact that this has happened, humiliated enough that she is in this situation, her clothes dripping wet, and a puddle at her feet making it obvious what she has done. She is absolutely miserable, and angry with herself for not being more careful, for not being able to see this possibility and doing something to prevent it. No matter how she looks at it, there is no way around it; she is far too old to be wetting herself like this.

It is true that she has been holding for a long time, that she was absolutely pushed to her limit, but even so. She could have been more careful, she could have done something to protect herself, to prevent this. She should have been able to hold it even beyond her limit, but in the end, there was nothing she could do. Once that first leak slipped past, it was all over for her, and soon enough, she was letting out a choked whimper that got the attention of the other gym leaders.

Everyone saw it happen, and now, they are all staring at her in mixtures of concern and confusion. Well, all except for Janine, who lets out that little giggle, unable to help laughing at the situation, even though Sabrina does not see anything funny about it. It only adds to her misery and to her embarrassment, and she is so angry, so frustrated, so humiliated, that there is no way for her to stop what happens next.

Not that she would really want to, since Janine definitely deserves it.

She loses control of her powers for just a brief moment, and that sudden psychic blast is more than Janine would ever be able to guard against, and it has only one purpose, only one possible outcome. She is so overwhelmed by it that her knees buckle and she doubles over, voice coming out in a pathetic little yelp as she starts to wet herself full force, the contents of her bladder gushing out of her all at once. Everyone’s attention now turns to her, the second leader to soak through her clothes today, a puddle rapidly growing at her feet.

Sabrina should probably feel guilty for that, but she can feel only satisfaction as she watches Janine piss herself, and a surprising amount, as well. She must have just barely been able to conceal her own desperation, so really, she had no business laughing at Sabrina for her own predicament. Ultimately, she can’t feel guilty for her accidental loss of control (at least where her powers are concerned) because it got Janine exactly what she deserved.

All the while, the others simply wonder what is going on today, seeing not one, but two wettings in their group, and no one is really sure how to react, or what to do next. Sabrina, at least, feels a lot better about things now.

2. Pokemon- Sinnoh Gym Leaders

Gym leader meetings tend to go on and on when they have a lot of new things to discuss, a lot of things to go over. It is an unspoken rule that you are supposed to sit through the whole thing, not missing out on anyone else saying their bit, and asking to have the meeting put on hold for you is not really acceptable either. You sit through it without leaving to be polite, to listen and show the respect that you want as well.

That is what the gym leaders of Sinnoh all know and believe, and that is why none of them want to get up during the meeting, even though, after the extravagant pre-meeting lunch, with quite a lot of beverages involved, leaves them all rather desperate to get out of here. If only they were able to cut the meeting short, or if only one of them were to get up and leave first, making it seem slightly more okay for everyone else. If only they had a break scheduled, so that everyone could go at once.

Candice is the first one to wet herself, writhing in her seat, waiting it out because it is nearly her turn to speak, and she does not want to miss it. She ends up letting that turn pass her by, though, because once she is sitting in her soaked skirt and panties, she no longer wants to talk to anyone. After her, it is Fantina, who tries not to let on that anything is happening to her, doing her best to handle it all with grace.

Roark does try to hold back as much as he can, but even his trained endurance can’t stand up to the amount he has had to drink, and he is soon soaked as well, just moments before Gardenia, staring down at the table, loses it. Volkner pisses himself in the middle of speaking, and barely shows any reaction to it. By now, everyone is aware of what is going on, so he just lets it happen, pants darkening as he goes through what he has planned to address.

And, at some point while he is talking, Crasher Wake joins the ranks of soaked gym leaders, with only two left dry, and no one showing any sign of ending the meeting. At this point, either of them could get up and go, just get it over with, but they don’t. However, everyone is a little surprised that Byron is the first to wet himself, with Maylene lasting a few moments after him, before she finally gives up and lets loose, her pants growing damp and clinging to her body.

All eight of them are wet and miserable, and all because the meeting has gone on like this, because no one wanted to be the one to call for a break. Perhaps next time, they might be a little more cautious, or perhaps, this is the start of a different sort of meeting tradition.

3. Pokemon- May x Lisia bedwetting

The two of them are sleeping together peacefully, both dreaming about separate things, when they are both hit by a similar urge. May and Lisia are side by side, having fallen asleep cuddled close and drifted a bit apart due to tossing and turning. At first, the sleep was peaceful, but now, it is becoming a bit more fitful for both of them, as a certain sensation is causing them both plenty of trouble, and invading both of their dreams.

May had been dreaming about playing with her Pokemon, but suddenly, the only thing she can think about in her dream is how badly she needs to pee, while she continues to sit on the ground, watching her Pokemon run around and completely unable to move. She knows that she needs to get up before she wets herself, but it seems impossible to her, and she becomes more and more frantic, pushing her hands between her legs and still failing to keep the urge at bay.

Meanwhile, Lisia is certain that she is going to wet herself right onstage, but she continues to prance around and pose, trying to hide it, until the urge is so intense that she can’t. Suddenly, everyone is gawking at her as she holds her crotch and dances in place, her desperate so obvious that she just knows that she is going to be mocked for this. But she just has to pee so badly that she can’t bring herself to hold still, lest she lose control.

That is about the time that both of them wake up, achingly desperate as they come out of their dreams and realize exactly what is going on. Both are bursting, and both need to get up and hurry to the bathroom before it is too late, so both scramble to get out of bed. Of course, in their scramble, they both reach forward, and end up grabbing at each other in their attempts to get up.

May feels Lisia groping at her, and Lisia can feel May’s hands on her body, and both of them are so startled by this sudden touch, that, in their current states, it is more than enough to spell their doom. Just like that, the two of them both lose control, their overfull bladders unable to handle a second more of this. A sharp cry escapes Lisia’s lips, and May is left moaning pathetically, and both girls wet themselves while still laying in bed, still in their pajamas.

It does not take long for their panties to be soaked completely through, and their pajamas are quickly darkened, until they are soaking the sheets beneath them, both frozen in place, hands still on each other. The sudden shock of wetting themselves left them unable to react in any way, and so they are stuck like this, staring at one another with wide eyes, as their personal puddles spread across the sheets, beginning to mingle together. Now, they both have quite the mess to clean up together.

4. Pokemon- the prompt that inspired the fic kyogre's most powerful move

May feels responsible enough for this situation, being a trainer from Hoenn who has had to deal with this sort of thing before. The other girls that tag along are all just as interested in saving the day, all with their own stories of heroics, and all willing to do whatever they can to protect the people of Pasio. However, none of them are quite prepared for what awaits them with Kyogre, and they never have the chance to test their might against the legendary Pokemon.

Kyogre attacks them a bit too directly, and the girls are each done in by that, each brought down by what it does to them.

It is all because of their humiliation, and one by one, they are brought down. May boldly faces off against the legendary from her home region, and ends up with soaked shorts and a soaked skirt, mouthing hanging open in disbelief as her face burns in humiliation. She does not even realize what has happened before she is already wet.

And that is not the end of things by a long shot, because the other girls all still want to try their chances, some believing May has simply wet herself with fear. It is not until Hilda, charging up and unafraid despite her blatant type disadvantage, starts soaking her shorts that anyone starts to think hat something might be amiss.

Serena is not going to take her chances with that disadvantage, and decides to just take her leave, but before she can, she feels her bladder suddenly fill, and then the contents are gushing out of her. She is not the end of things either, because when Kris tries to charge, ready to take control of the situation, she wets herself just as suddenly.

Leaf, Lyra, Dawn, Rosa, and Selene think that their type advantage will do them some good, but their grass just can’t handle this water, not when the water is inside of them, overwhelming them and then humiliating, all in a matter of moments. It seems as though Gloria is their only hope now, able to face off against a legend with a legend of her own.

The only problem is, she never has the chance either, and then, she is every bit as humiliated as the others. It just takes the wind out of their sails, and all of these girls can only lament their situation helplessly. It makes for quite a sight, with so many soaking wet girls, soaked because of Kyogre’s creation. Each of their bladders became full, a “sea” created within them, something that absolutely had to get out.

It creates such misery for the group, and they know that they were up against a power far greater than they could handle. Now, the only thing they want to do is get cleaned up and changed into fresh clothes, so that they are no longer quite so wet.

5. Pokemon- bedwetting with Jasmine and Lyra but they're in an ot3 with Lance

“Stay in bed until I get back,” is what Lance tells them before he leaves. Lyra and Jasmine are more than willing to go along with that, both loving the way that he takes charge. He always knows just how to make them feel good, just how to control the two of them. It is easy to fall into submissive roles when he is around, and they do what he asks of them at all times.

Of course, he does not mean that they are actually not allowed to get out of bed for any reason. He just means that he wants to find them there when he gets back, so that they can get right back to what they were doing before he had to respond to a sudden call. Lance does not expect them to stay perfectly still no matter how long it takes him to get back, but that is how the girls take it, and that is why they try to ignore their growing needs, trying to pretend that they do not have to pee.

If he were here, he would not hesitate to give them permission to go to the bathroom, because he is not the sort to hold them back like that. He is not cruel when he is dominant, and even if he were to get back and find them out of bed for a reason like that, it would not take away from the fun at all. Yet the girls decide to take it seriously, and are stuck like this for the time being, hoping he will get back soon.

It is amazing that either can even manage to fall asleep like this, with the way their bladders ache and protest. It must be because of how much he wore them out before he left, but before long, both girls are drifting off, despite the fact that this is definitely a bad idea right now. Their desperate need to pee is forgotten as they both enter a light sleep, both immediately lost in hazy dreams. The only thing that makes the dreams less than pleasant is the pangs both continue to get from their bladders, influencing it all.

Both are dreaming about trying to find a bathroom. Jasmine is lost in her own gym, not sure how it became such a maze in what should have been a short walk to the bathroom. Lyra is out in the middle of nowhere, trying to find somewhere private, not sure why there are so many trainers around to make that impossible. Both girls are absolutely bursting, both in real life and in their dreams, but finally, they find what they are looking for in those dreams. Finally, they are both ready to empty their bladders.

The only problem is, they are not just peeing in their dreams. Both girls jolt awake as they realize just how real it is, and both turn to each other in shock, as they soak the sheets around them. And, at that moment, Lance returns home to them.

6. Pokemon- Kris and Whitney fearwetting

The gym battle against Whitney has been tough so far, but Kris is doing her best to hold her own. The confusion that she has managed to pull off on her Miltank is at least going to help with matters quite a bit, even if there is not much else that her Gastly is able to do about the situation. She hopes that she will be able to come up with a strategy, while Miltank is not quite as effective, and then she will be able to bounce back and take home her third badge.

What neither of the girls counts on is just how effective the confusion is going to be, or the fact that it could possibly endanger either of them in the process. But then Whitney calls out for Miltank to use Roll Out again, and the next thing they know, the poor Pokemon is rolling all over the place, and not in the direction of Kris’s Pokemon. The girls are off to the side, supposed to be at a safe distance, but all at once, they both realize just how unsafe it is.

Kris does not even realize it is happening to her at first, she is so frozen in place, completely terrified of what will happen if she gets bowled over by a confused Pokemon. She knows that she should move out of the way just in case, but she is completely stuck, her body’s fear too much for her to handle. At that point, she does not even realize that she has started to lose control of her bladder, until it is too late for her to do anything to stop it.

Looking down, she realizes that her shorts have already been soaked through, a large stain spreading across them, and soon enough, it has begun to run down her legs. Humiliation mingles with her fear, but there is little that she can do about it now that it has happened. And, as it turns out, she is not the only one in this situation.

Whitney lets out a shriek just before she starts to wet herself, legs trembling beneath her, knees knocking together. It is too late for her as well, by the time she realizes that she is full on peeing herself, the contents of her bladder gushing out of her. This is probably the least cute thing that she could ever imagine happening to her, but she does not exactly have the chance to worry about that when she is too busy fearing for her life.

Except they end up just fine. Just in the nick of time, Miltank snaps out of confusion, and everything is okay. The girls are no longer in danger, and their gym battle can continue. But as they look at each other, and then down at themselves, they both become aware of the fact that battling is probably the last thing on either of their minds right now.

7. Pokemon- Bedwetting for Candice, Maylene, and Dawn

Dawn and Maylene are suitably exhausted after a long day of engaging in one of Snowpoint’s finest traditions. Candice is pleased that her two friends had such a good time with her, and hopes that they are eager to visit again with her, because she would love to have even more people to share that with. However, she is pretty tired too, because a proper visit should leave anyone dead tired, so she is glad to be able to share a bed with the three of them, all conked out and snuggled up together, ready to restore their energy after a good night’s sleep.

They are all so tired that they stumble to bed without thinking of anything else, not doing much to prepare for it, and all quickly falling into a very heavy sleep. The sleep is only interrupted by dreams, but they are dreams so vivid that none of the girls realize that they are dreaming.

For Maylene, it is a dream about her hike to Snowpoint, and she is pleasantly surprised by how warm she is, even though she has, as always, done nothing to prepare for the cold temperatures. The only problem is how badly she has to pee, but she has to keep pressing on so that she does not lose control of her bladder before she reaches the city and can look for a bathroom.

At the same time, Candice is dreaming about being out with her friends still, distracted from her fun by the throbbing of her bladder. She should get up and go to the bathroom, but she does not want to stop the fun, especially right now, so she tries to ignore it. Even so, she has to pee so badly that she is not sure just how long something like that can last.

As for Dawn, she is also dreaming about her desperation, but in her case, the dream is about looking inside a gym for a bathroom, while trying to avoid the trainers who want to battle her, because she does not think they will listen when she tries to explain that she is just here to go to the bathroom, not to challenge the gym. At this rate, she does not think that she is going to make it, and has no idea what to do.

They all end up finding somewhere to go in their dreams, though, all at around the same time in the waking world. Which means, in the waking world, they all start wetting the bed at the same time, jolted awake by the feeling of warm liquid rushing out of them, not into the toilet beneath them, but into their clothes, because they are still asleep, still all snuggled up together.

The only thing that can save them all from complete embarrassment is the fact that they are all doing it. They are all wetting the bed, and though that is still a bit humiliating, at least they can share in it together.

8. Pokemon- Rosa fearwetting at Cynthia's theme

When Rosa enters the house, she is not sure what she is walking into. Really, just walking into whatever house she sees is probably not good form to begin with, but she does it anyway, her curiosity always getting the better of her. As far as she knows, doing this is pretty commonplace when it comes to Pokemon trainers, seeing as the residents are never phased by random kids coming into their home, and instead just talk to them about various things.

So, with all that in mind, Rosa can’t help entering this particular house in Undella town, only for something very strange to happen as soon as the door swings open. Ominous music begins playing as she is faced down by a tall, beautiful woman, and the sudden terror that the music inspires in her is a bit too much for her to handle. Though it has been a while since she has emptied her bladder, there is still not reason for her to lose control right now, but that is exactly what happens. With a sharp whimper, her knees buckle as she begins to wet herself completely, so stunned that it takes a moment for her humiliation to even catch up to her.

By that point, she has already soaked her panties through, as well as her leggings, so that a wet spot is spreading across her shorts, turning them a darker shade of yellow as a result. She looks up at the woman and looks down at herself, completely at a loss for words.

When Cynthia sees this, rather than being shocked by what happens right in front of her, she sighs, and says, “I’m really sorry about that. I don’t know why it keeps happening. You’re not even the first person that’s happened to in this region, let alone in my home region.”

For her, seeing trainers wet themselves upon encountering her is a lot more common than one would think. Back home, the girl who eventually took her place as champion did so with soaked panties and a damp skirt. Dawn was an amazing trainer, but that did not stop her from being so intimidated that she wet herself. And then there was another trainer, the champion of Unova before Iris, who is rumored to be out traveling the world right now.

Cynthia’s encounter with Hilda was so similar that she is hit with intense deja vu to meet Rosa like this. Watching the other trainer piss her denim shorts in the doorway…and Rosa gives her similar vibes to the other girls. Well, if they could still give her a good battle after wetting themselves, then she wants to hope that Rosa can do the same thing. Rather than giving her a chance to recover from her humiliation, or even clean up, she is ready to challenge her and get things underway.

Rosa still has no idea what is going on right now, but she just does her best to keep up with things.

9. Pokemon- it happens again in PokeMas

Cynthia wants her team to make a pretty dramatic entrance for this battle. She is something of a celebrity on Pasio, since everyone here is so enthusiastic about Pokemon battling, everyone here every bit as interested as the most devoted trainers in any region. Not to mention the fact that Bettie has become pretty popular as well, starting from nothing, barely known on the island, and rising in the ranks, known as one of the most promising trainers here. The battle is sure to be an exciting one, so Cynthia wants to do what she can to really show off with her team.

What better way than for her theme music to start playing as she, Caitlin, and Darach make their entrance, ready to face off against Bettie, Brock, and Misty? In her eyes, this is the best way to do things; however, it has been such a long time since she has used that, and she has gotten so used to the way trainers on Pasio react to her, that she honestly believes it is not going to cause any wild mishaps.

And then they step forward and the music begins, and it is all over.

Bettie is immediately overwhelmed by that ominous feeling, her bladder reflexively emptying as part of her fight or flight response. She is not the only one, either. Both of her teammates are struck by the same fate, the two of them not realizing at first that they are wetting themselves, not until it is too late to do anything about. If anything could be done to begin with. Even Rosa, who is standing with Bettie’s team, is unable to fight back against her reflex, even having experienced something like this in the past, hardly able to believe that she is experiencing something like this again, when she had done her best to forget it.

However, they are not the only ones to be intimidated by her music. Cynthia realizes too late that neither Caitlin nor Darach have experienced this before, and she did not think to warn them, not thinking that they would fall prey to something like that. However, neither of them are able to fight against that reflex either, something that seems to just be natural for everyone who is met with this music. Cynthia never meant to soak and humiliate her own teammates, or even her opponents, but the damage has already been done.

Bettie looks to her teammates to see that they are every bit as soaked as her, before they all look forward to see the dark patches on Caitlin’s dress and Darach’s pants. Only Cynthia seems to be dry, and a bit exasperated, so tired that this keeps happening to her. Even so, that is not enough to make her feel bad for anyone involved, and since they are all already here, she is still very much in the mood for a battle. It seems that the show is still on, and everyone is just going to have to do this wet.

10. Pokemon- Gloria public humiliation planned by a bitter Leon

Gloria has been anxious throughout the bulk of the end of the battle. Leon had gotten false confidence from that, thinking that she would lose focus, but she didn’t. Now, he is the one facing his first defeat, forced to put on a brave face for everyone, while she is declared the new champion. However, even as she celebrates, he can tell that she is still anxious, that there is still something bothering her. It does not take him very long to put two and two together and figure out that Gloria has to pee.

It must be getting pretty bad, if she has been dealing with it throughout that lengthy battle. More likely than not, she is looking for a chance to slip away from everyone and take care of that, before things get too bad for her. But she is the new champion, which means that she needs to fulfill all of the duties that that entails. Now, she gets to deal with all of the annoying press that Leon has dealt with all these years, and she is will have plenty of interviews awaiting her.

So he makes sure to guide her, taking her hand to pull her along with him. It would not be so strange for her to get a break after the match, but he does not give her the chance to go for one, acting as if she has to go straight into the press conference right now, where there will be countless reporters waiting for the two of them to discuss things, and plenty of fans trying to get a glimpse of her.

Gloria can’t even hold still at this point, and while Leon is smug, she is internally panicking. Her bladder is absolutely throbbing, to the point that she can think of nothing else, and she has no idea how long this is going to last, or if she stands any chance of making it until the end. The questions come at her, and she can barely think of answers, feeling so exposed as she squirms in front of everyone, fighting her growing desperation, her bladder begging for release, and her knowing that she does not have much longer now.

As Leon watches her struggle, his arousal continues to grow, surprising him. At first, this just started as a petty act of revenge, but now, he loves the way she squirms, and is getting so damn hard thinking about her humiliating herself in front of all these people. Gloria looks so good to him in this moment, and when her face pales, her thighs pressed tight together, he knows that she can’t hold it anymore.

She tries to fight it to the end, but there is nothing she can do. Gloria lets out a soft yelp at the leak she can’t stop, turned into so much more than a leak. A hush falls over the crowd once they realize what is happening, the dark spot spreading across her shorts. Everyone can tell that their new champion, the hero of Galar, is pissing herself in her first big interview.

11. Pokemon- Caitlin bedwetting and Hilda wetting

Caitlin is having sweet dreams when she gets woken up by a challenger.

Actually, her sleep is so deep, and her dreams are so sweet, that she has completely neglected her bladder, and has no idea that her need to pee in her dream is reflected by a need to pee in the real world. Caitlin is completely removed from that, and in the dream, though she is bursting, she has no trouble finding her way to a bathroom, and letting loose. The feeling of relief is so blissful to her that it puts her in an even better mood, making her feel light as air and so happy about something as simple as being able to empty her bladder.

She does not so much as feel when it happens in the real world, the warm piss gushing out of her and soaking through her panties before making a stain on her dress, and ultimately, soaking into the sheets around her. It is far from the first time that she has wet the bed, but it is also not a common enough occurrence that there is any way to predict when it is going to happen, or find a way to prevent it reliably. Sometimes, she just wakes up with wet sheets, and though she is never happy about that, not in the slightest, there is also nothing that she can do about it other than get it all cleaned up and pretend it never happened.

However, today, she is woken up by a challenger coming to battle her.

As soon as Caitlin opens her eyes and properly registers that, not only has she soaked herself, but that there is someone here, someone who can see exactly what she has done, giving her no chance to hide it, she briefly loses control over herself. For the most part, she can control those outbursts, but not in a situation like this, and a blast of pure psychic power bursts out of her in her despair, aimed straight for Hilda, and targeting her in such a way that she soon joins Caitlin in humiliation.

It overwhelms her senses so much that she is left emptying her bladder on the spot, wetting herself right then and there. She can feel her panties and then her shorts soaking through, her legs trembling beneath her as the pee runs down them, and though she has no idea how to process what is happening, she can at least tell that this is some kind of payback for seeing Caitlin in such a state. At the very least, she wants to take that to mean that, since they are all even now, that means that there is no reason that Caitlin will not be ready to battle her.

After all, if Hilda is going to have to wet herself in here, then she is not leaving until she gets the battle that she came for in the first place, and leaves with the win she desires.

12. Azumanga Daioh- Yukari fearwetting

Yukari sleeps rather peacefully, despite the way that her bladder has been protesting and nagging at her for a while. It is not at all uncommon for her to wake up, completely bursting to pee, because she slept well past the point of the situation becoming critical, and is left making a mad dash to the bathroom before she soaks herself. In fact, there have even been a few instances where, instead of a close call, she was left humiliated and glad to be completely alone, but for the most part, they are just extremely close calls.

On their summer trip, she is completely crashed and oversleeping, while her bladder aches and throbs for relief, with Yukari remaining oblivious, lost in dreams and so comfortable otherwise that she is not going to wake up any time soon. At least, not without being woken up first, something that her students realize, and set out with the intent to do so. One student in particular, though barely awake herself, has quite the plan for this, not realizing the way that she stumbles through it all.

She is hardly coherent at all, and that is how she makes such a massive mistake, grabbing the entirely wrong object from the kitchen before heading to her sleeping teacher’s room. Blissfully unaware of both her impending wake up call and the plight of her bladder, Yukari sleeps on, as peaceful as she could ever be. Right up until the moment that the door opens, and that is enough to wake her up, bleary as she blinks her eyes open.

It takes a moment for the figure in front of her to come into focus, but immediately, Yukari can tell that there is something not quite right about the silhouette, something in hand that shouldn’t be, and she begins blinking rapidly once she realizes that she is looking at a very large, very sharp, very real kitchen knife. Staring in horror, she sees that it is in the hand of Osaka, and as she looks up, she sees a vacant look in her student’s eyes, a hollow smile on her face, as she starts to make her way into the room.

There is no real way to process this image, because it is all so sudden and so ridiculous and so terrifying that it is just too much for her, especially first thing in the morning. One second, she is sleeping peacefully, and the next, she is faced with her student who looks ready to kill her without a hint of remorse, looking every bit the part of a horror movie serial killer. Of course, that is not Osaka’s intent at all, but that does not matter to Yukari in the moment, and certainly does not matter to Yukari’s bladder.

In her terror, she loses completely control, barely even noticing the sudden torrent of liquid gushing out of her, fear rendering her helpless in every way. Her clothing and her blankets are completely soaked through, yet it is not until later, once she knows that she is safe, that she even realizes she has wet herself.

13. Azumanga Daioh- all the girls have wet

Each and every one of them have tried to hold out for as long as they possibly can, but one by one, they have each fallen. No matter what, there was no way for any of them to make it out of this dry, and even though none of them are alone in this, it still does not make things any better for them, and there is little comfort to be found in the fact that the others are all just as soaked.

The bathrooms being out is what caused it all, and the repairs were not quick enough, not even close. Though they all knew that they would have to hold it, the amount of time proved to be too much for even the strongest amongst them, with the weakest not standing a chance.

Naturally, Chiyo was the first to lose control, and she is miserable now, certain that this has made her look like the child she is trying so hard to get people to stop seeing her as. While Tomo had big talk, she was the second to falter, and now she is the quietest she has been in a while, completely mortified by her accident. Yomi would sympathize with her more, if only she were not just as humiliated, as she was the fourth to lose control, not long after Osaka did, and even their spacey classmate shows no traces of her usual demeanor, too embarrassed to keep her head held high.

Kaori has been inconsolable since the moment she first started to leak, hiding her face away and not looking up for anything. She does not care that she isn’t alone, and does not care to see who falters after her, too busy fretting over the fact that she wet herself in front of her idol and crush. Not long after her is when Yukari loses control, frustrated to the very end, to find herself in this situation to begin with, and to find that she can’t even hold it for longer than her students. Sure, most of them have lost it already but Kagura and Sakaki were still standing.

Naturally, Kagura tried to turn this into some sort of competition, never able to let her one sided rivalry go, even though Sakaki hardly noticed her, too focused on her own predicament, growing ever more anxious as the wait drug on. However, even though she wasn’t trying to win anything, she still won, and now Kagura continues to sulk, not just embarrassed, but also disappointed in herself for not being able to hold it a little bit longer. Sakaki did not control long after her, but the fact that she “won” is lost on her, as she shifts uncomfortably, only thinking about how she wants to change out of her wet clothes.

No one made it out dry, and though they all have their own reactions, they can all agree that this was the absolute worst.

14. Azumanga Daioh- Sakaki x Kaori omorashi

Kaori could not be happier right now, with today being the absolute perfect day. Finally, she has a real date with Sakaki, and finally, she has her chance to take things further with the girl that she has admired for so long. Everything is absolutely perfect…except for how badly she has to pee right now, because she did not really take that into account when she ordered her drink earlier, not thinking about how she would surely have to visit the bathroom before the day came to an end.

Now, she is too shy to admit that to Sakaki, and can’t find an excuse to go to the bathroom without admitting it, which means that she is stuck, and so desperate now that she is struggling to hide it. They still have so much time to spend together, and she doesn’t want to cut any of that short, but if she doesn’t, then she just has to admit that she needs to go to the bathroom, but still, she can’t seem to bring herself to do that.

Her bladder has never been this full in all her life, she is fairly certain, and it hurts to even walk, but she still tries to keep a bright smile, to keep acting like everything is normal…until she can’t keep it up anymore. Suddenly, everything falls apart, before she can even decide what she is going to do about things, and, to her horror, she begins to wet herself.

Sakaki does not realize what the problem is at first. All she knows is that Kaori has suddenly frozen up, going still where she stands, a panicked look coming over her face. But then, she sees that her knees have buckled and she can see the stream of liquid coming from beneath her skirt. Kaori is wetting herself, and this takes Sakaki by surprise; the other girl had never mentioned anything about needing to go to the bathroom, and though she had seemed nervous for a while now, Sakaki is used to seeing her that nervous, and did not think anything of it.

Now, she can tell exactly what is going on with her, far too late to do anything about it. She feels a stab of pity for her, certain that she must be so humiliated right now, but then, she realizes that there is another feeling right now, one that is a little hard to place at first. Once she figures out what it is, she can’t help but be surprised that, beneath her pity, she is also pretty turned on by this sight.

But it excites her, seeing Kaori flustered like this as she loses control of her bladder, and Sakaki can barely contain her own reaction, not sure what to do with all of this. She knows that she needs to make sure she comforts Kaori, and lets her know that she has nothing to be so embarrassed about, but beyond that…well, she has no idea how far she can take this.

15. Azumanga Daioh- cast bedwetting

It is hard to tell what, exactly, led to this happening to everyone all at once, but there is no denying it, when the girls all wake up in the morning. Each is woken up at different times, but all of them are woken up by the exact same thing: each is woken up by the fact that they have just wet the bed. Everyone staying in the summer home is plagued by that same misery, each without any idea how they ended up in situation where they slept so deeply and got so desperate that they wet themselves just before they were able to wake up.

It has been a little while since Chiyo woke up with wet sheets, and that sends her into a bit of a panic, not sure how this could happen now of all times, when she is on a trip with her older classmates. However, she is soon to realize that she is at least not alone in it, as others wake up, having wet or in the process of wetting, and once everyone has to wash their pajamas and sheets, she feels a lot better about.

Yomi’s eyes snap open, heart racing as she realizes that her dream about peeing was a lot more real than she thought, but it is too late to stop the flood of liquid, soaking through her pajamas all at once. But she is far from the only one startled awake by this, because Tomo lets out a yelp as she realizes that she has just wet the bed, waking up in a puddle of her own urine.

Kaori is left silently sobbing, wondering how she is going to cover this up, wondering how she could have ruined things like this, when she finally got her chance to go on a trip with Sakaki. At the same time, Sakaki is frozen in place as she wakes up to discover the cold, wet clothes clinging to her body. She has not wet the bed in so long that she can hardly remember it ever happening, so she has no idea how she ended up in a situation like this.

Kagura is absolutely horrified, jolting awake just a little bit too late to stop it from getting out of control, and all attempts to slow down the flow are completely useless in her current state. Osaka rubs her eyes as she tries to figure out what she could have fallen asleep on to get her this wet, before she realizes all at once that that is her own doing, that she actually slept deeply enough to wet the bed, wondering how on earth she could have done that.

And, of course, the teachers are no exception to the rule. Neither are thrilled about this, both panicking over the fact that they are two grown adults, chaperoning a school trip, and they must have drank too much to have wet the bed like this. How are they going to explain that?

But when everyone has to do their laundry all at once, it is easy enough to just go along with it, and everyone can agree to pretend nothing happened.

16. Azumanga Daioh- Sakaki and Kaori fearwetting

Neither of them realize that it is happening. They do not realize it until much later, because they are both more focused on fearing for their lives. It is always a toss up, who will end up having a nice, peaceful ride on the trip, and who is going to end up on the death drive, and this year, both Kaori and Sakaki got the short end of the stick. At first, Kaori just tries to be happy, just wants to enjoy the fact that she gets to sit next to Sakaki for so long, but she has already known enough to know what she is getting herself into.

Maybe it won’t be that bad. Maybe it is just an exaggeration, and maybe they were just trying to scare her in particular.

She quickly discovers that it is every bit as bad as she was warned, or maybe even worse, and that she has no real chance to deal with all of this. It is terrifying, both for her and for Sakaki, and neither can think of anything other than their worries about the road ahead, and if they are even going to be able to make it to their vacation alive.

Kaori can’t even take the time to be happy to be so close to Sakaki, and neither of them realize that anything has happened. They do not notice any sudden wetness, do not feel the way that their clothes, now soaked through, cling to them. The girls are too dazed to think of anything beyond basic survival, which is exactly why their bodies gave in like that to begin with.

They are not the ones to notice it, though. It is Kagura, who suddenly realizes that their crotches are soaked and that they must have wet themselves, and immediately, she is laughing. “Long ride, or what? Did you just get that scared?”

Both look down at the same time, as different emotions settle in. Kaori is horrified and humiliated, at first only thinking about what she must look like to Sakaki right now, and not even registering the fact that Sakaki is just as wet as she is. And Sakaki, at the same time, is embarrassed and confused, wondering how this could have happened to her, and her not even notice it. She is also a bit irritated at Kagura for laughing, not just at her, but at Kaori as well.

“It is pretty terrifying, I guess,” Kagura goes onto saying, “but pissing yourselves? That’s got to be a first for these trips, right? But, come on, I’m just teasing you, okay?” She adds that last bit because she can tell that it is getting to Kaori, and wants to make sure that she makes things right. Both girls are not exactly happy about the situation still, but they are more willing to forgive Kagura for laughing about it all the same.

Still, they are both eager to get cleaned up and forget that this ever happened.

17. Azumanga Daioh- Chihiro

Class seems to be dragging on forever today, but Chihiro knows that that is almost definitely just in her head. She knows that it is just her own problem making things seem like this is going on forever, but in actuality, time is moving at the same pace that it always does, and she just wants it to move faster, thus making it seem slower. And turning all of that over in her head, over and over again, does absolutely nothing to solve the problem she is faced with, or make it any more bearable.

She has to pee terribly, and really wants class to end already so that she can make her mad dash to the bathroom, before it is too late for her. It is really getting bad, and she feels like she could burst at any minute, but is not going to be allowed to leave the classroom for that. She just has to keep waiting, staring at the clock and squirming in her seat, willing time to move faster while it only ever seems to drag by that much more slowly.

This is the worst she can ever remember having to go, and she is not sure how it got so bad, when she normally has no trouble waiting through class. All she knows is that this is bad, and that she is not going to make it if she is not able to get to a bathroom soon. Fortunately, class does eventually end, her panties still (mostly) dry by that point.

All she has to do is make it to the bathroom now, which she tells herself that she can do. Each step that she takes threatens to leave her bladder spilling over, but there is nothing she can do to stop that. All she can do is move forward, even when she feels a little bit leak out, ignoring her panic every time that happens. Her panties may be damp, but she can’t give up yet, not when the bathroom is in sight, and not when she has already made it so far. Just a little bit more now, and if her bladder can just keep in check just that little bit longer…

The bathroom is just ahead of her, and she pushes her way in with such little time to spare, jamming a hand between her legs to try and hold out that last little bit. She just needs to get into a stall and…and…

It’s too late. She can feel the wet warmth spreading into her panties, soaking her hand before she can withdraw it, and then she is wetting herself, right there in the bathroom, just in front of an empty stall. After all the work she put into making sure that she would be able to hold it, it turns out that Chihiro could not make it after all. The relief is amazing, but the humiliation still stings, and she has no idea what she is going to do now.

18. Haruhi Suzumiya- Haruhi makes Mikuru wet herself

“Can I…can I please go to the bathroom now?” Mikuru whines, glad that there is no one here but the two of them to witness this.

However, Haruhi just shakes her head and says, “Nope, not right now!” Mikuru lets out a sharp whine, squirming even more, but Haruhi just grins at that. “Come on, I’m sure you can hold it a little while longer.”

“I don’t know if I can, and…and…why do you need me to hold it, anyway? I don’t…couldn’t you just let me leave the room?” she asks. There really is no reason for Haruhi to not allow her past, but she has decided to do exactly that, denying Mikuru permission to leave the room, and blocking her exist whenever she is bold enough to try. By now, she has already given up on that.

“Come on, just trust me on this,” is all Haruhi has to say on the subject, and that really does not offer any answers at all. It does not do anything except remind Mikuru that nothing the other girl does ever makes any sense, and that her reasoning for this is probably something silly. And yet, there is nothing she can do about asserting herself, and nothing she can do about making her way past her. She is just going to have to keep holding it, but she has to pee so badly that she is not sure that is an actual possibility, not for much longer.

“Please?” she tries, just one last time.

“No way,” is the only response she gets. She already knows better than to try and ask when she will be allowed to go, because she already knows that she is not going to be allowed to go, no matter how much she begs. She is supposed to try and hold it, but she already knows that she is going to wet herself either way. The only reason that she is still trying to hold on is from her own shame, her natural reflex to try and avoid that fate at all costs, even though she has to pee so badly now that there is no chance of her making it. Haruhi is not going to get bored, and since it is just the two of them, there is no one here to rescue her from her current fate.

Even when she is jumping from foot to foot, her hands jammed between her legs, Haruhi shows her no sympathy. And when the dam finally bursts, when she is finally left wetting herself, the look on the other girl’s face confirms that this is the outcome that she wanted, that this is what she was hoping for. Mikuru is embarrassed but so very relieved, so much so that she does not even have much of a chance to question why Haruhi would want her to do something like that in the first place.

19. Azumanga Daioh- Tomo and Yomi

Tomo is in a hurry, and if she is not careful, she is going to end up in quite a bit of trouble. She has to pee so badly that she knows there is a risk of her not making it, and that is why she can’t afford to slow down even a bit during her mad dash to the bathroom. Whatever it takes, she does not want to wet herself, and after waiting and waiting, with her bladder throbbing more by the moment, she finally has her chance to break free, ignoring the slight leaks that she springs with each step, knowing that it is worth it to have slightly damp panties from running too fast, as opposed to soaked panties from going too slow.

At the same time, Yomi is also on her way to the bathroom, though not running so recklessly like Tomo is. Even so, they are both headed in the same direction, and while Yomi is mildly distracted, Tomo is not paying attention to her surroundings in the slightest, prioritizing her bladder over everything else. The last thing she wants to do is wet herself, but she is getting close to the bathroom now, so she is sure that nothing could possibly stand in her way at this point.

Yomi is simply power walking, gritting her teeth as she tries to ignore how badly she needs to pee right now, knowing that that will not make the situation any easier for her. Besides, she is close enough now that she is certain she is going to make it. At least, she should be able to make it, just the same as Tomo should be able to make it, if everything goes smoothly, without any bumps along the road.

However, there is a bump, a very literal bump because Tomo is not paying attention at all and is going too fast to slow down, and Yomi is just distracted enough that she does not notice Tomo quickly enough to move out of the way, let alone try and get her friend to calm down before she ends up out of control. Things are already too far gone, and so, she can’t stop Tomo from crashing directly into her, causing them both to fall back.

At that point, Tomo knows that she is doomed, that it is far too late for her. Had she been able to make it into the bathroom, she would have been fine, but she is too late now, and her control slips. A horrified expression crosses as she begins to wet herself right where she sits, just outside the bathroom. As for Yomi, she had a bit more time, but the sudden surprise collision made her forget herself, her control slipping away before she could do anything about it. Just like Tomo, she is left wetting herself on the floor, puddles forming beneath both of them as their bladders completely empty.

Needless to say, she believes that Tomo is entirely to blame.

20. Haruhi Suzumiya- Haruhi

Haruhi shuffles from foot to foot, trying to push her desperation out of her mind. Normally, she would just go take care of it. After all, there is nothing standing in her way, no reason why she should not go to the bathroom. All she has to do is leave the club room, and the bathroom is waiting for her just down the hall. Even the thought of it is so tempting that she can hardly stand it, but she wants to finish what she is focused on right now.

She has gotten so many new costumes for Mikuru to try that she can’t seem to decide which one she wants Mikuru to wear first. There are so many selections that it could take all day to pick, and that really does not help her current situation. She has to pee so badly, and she will, just not until she has Mikuru all set to change. That is what she tells herself as she squirms in place, rubbing her thighs together as she struggles to make her selection. Just a little while longer now, and she is sure she will be able to take her pick.

Her bladder continues to scream for relief, and she continues to ignore all of those pleas. She is stronger than that, strong enough that she can make her choice without having to worry about the way her bladder throbs, her need growing by the second. If she could just focus, then she could make her choice more quickly, so she just needs to forget everything about this problem.

Finally, she has it narrowed down to two choices, a skimpy nurse uniform from every patient’s deepest wet dream, and a cat girl costume to shake up the animal theme a little bit. Either one would be perfect, and perfectly humiliating on top of that, but she can’t decide which one she should choose right now. Knowing that they are both perfect options does not make it easier to decide, because she can’t just go in blind. She tells herself that, but she needs to choose and quickly, because she really can’t think about anything other than how badly she needs to pee.

If she doesn’t hurry up, she might not make it. That thought hits her all at once, and she realizes just how far she has let this go, the risk that she has taken when she really shouldn’t have. This is urgent, and she has to make up her mind fast before…before…

Nurse! The nurse for today, and then she can go with the other tomorrow or something, just anything to make sure that she is able to make it to the bathroom in time. But even with her mind made up, it is already too late. Her knees buckle and she lets out a whimper as her bladder finally gives in, warm piss gushing out of her to start forming a puddle at her feet. She definitely took too long to make up her mind.

21. Genshin Impact- Kazuha wets himself in front of Beidou

Kazuha winces and tries to ignore the throbbing in his bladder. This could not have come at a worse time, but then, what else was he expecting? It is not as if everything that he had to drink would just disappear. He should have known from the start that, if he was not careful, he would end up in a situation just like this. However, in the moment, he was just pleased that Beidou was actually going to let him drink with her, and so, he did not bother to worry himself with any of the details.

Now, he is really starting to regret that, or at least regretting just how much he let himself drink. He wonders how she is so calm, but maybe it is not effecting her like it is him. He has always had a small bladder, and usually, he remembers to be more cautious, but like an idiot, he didn’t consider it now. And even though he isn’t exactly trapped in this situation, he doesn’t want to excuse himself while they are still talking, doesn’t want to be met with teasing, even though he knows, rationally, that it is unlikely that she will tease him just for having to relieve himself.

But there comes a point when he simply can’t take it anymore, bladder aching so much that he knows he is not going to be able to hold it much longer. He has to do something now, before he loses control, and he is quick to stand up, catching Beidou’s attention. She has this amused smirk on her face, like she already knows what is going to happen, like she has been able to tell that he was struggling with this all along.

There is nothing he can do to stop it now, just a little bit too late to even take a step. Right in front of her, he loses control with a sharp cry and a whimper, and Beidou gets a good view of him as he begins to piss himself. Kazuha remains frozen for a moment, not sure what to do about this, not sure what can even be done in a situation like this, as his bladder continues to empty, soaking his clothing and creating a puddle at his feet.

“You poor thing,” Beidou suddenly says, breaking the silence. Her tone is equal parts teasing and comforting, and he isn’t sure how he is supposed to take it. “You know you could have let me know that it was bothering you, right?”

“I…” he starts, but can think of nothing to say. She shakes her head, rising and approaching him. Though he wants to flinch away, he finds himself leaning into her once she comes to embrace him. Whatever her comfort may mean, he is going to accept it for now.

“You can only get away with that because you’re so cute, you know?” she asks, and he absolutely has no idea how he is supposed to take a remark like that.

22. Genshin Impact- Noelle wets herself in front of Aether

Noelle knows her own limits, and knows that she has quite a lot of time before she really begins pushing them. The first nagging sign that she needs to pee can always be ignored, and she can let it go on for quite some time before she actually needs to go urgently. Her bladder is naturally strong, and trained even more so, to the point that she rarely has to prioritize her own needs over whatever task that she is trying to accomplish.

Today has been a particularly busy day, so she has had no chance for a break. By now, the need is starting to get pretty bad for once, but she knows that she can handle it, at least for a little while longer. At least until she finishes everything that she has to do. Then, she can relieve herself, and everything will be just fine. She has held it through much more urgent situations, and is rather proud of the fact that she is able to endure so much.

She knows her limits. She knows that she can handle this. That is what Noelle continues to repeat to herself, over and over again in her mind as she forces herself to complete her tasks, ignoring the way her bladder throbs, and the fact that she can’t stand still for long without it getting very bad. She has to pee, but she is going to be fine; she is done now, and she can find a bathroom, before-

“Noelle!” Aether cries out to her, waving as he approaches. She suppresses a groan, knowing that is not a polite response. When he reaches her, he goes on to say, “I’m so glad I found you! You’re exactly the person I need!”

She should tell him no, or at least to wait, because she knows her limits, and knows she has reached them. But Noelle can’t deny any request for help, and especially not from someone like Aether, someone that she admires so much and has wanted to get much closer to. However, that desire to get closer to him is going to be her downfall. She knows that, and even so, still nods and asks, “What is it?”

Noelle barely hears anything that Aether says, squirming through his whole explanation, her bladder demanding all of her attention. She needs to ask for a break after all, even though she does not want to. Otherwise, she won’t be able to hold it, so just as soon as she can agree, she will tell him that she can only help after a short break, just a few minutes to make sure that she-

She does not make it to that point. Aether has just finished his explanation when the dam bursts, and Noelle loses all control of her bladder. She reflexively presses her hands into her skirt to try and hold back, but all that does is ensure that her skirt takes damage as well, as she pisses herself right in front of Aether.
