Losing the Battle (An As Told By Ginger fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-02-27 18:48

A/N: Another day, another commission.

Miranda couldn't stand the way Ginger stole Courtney from her. She had never been fond of the other girl, but the fact that her very best friend sometimes seemed to prefer her company only made things worse. She absolutely despised Ginger for this, and all of her weird little friends, thinking they were so cool just because Courtney sometimes gave them the time of day. More than anything, she wanted to prove to Courtney that they weren't worth that time she gave them and that they were vastly inferior to her in every way.

The only way to do that, she was sure, was to humiliate them somehow, and if there was one thing she was good at, it was humiliating girls. But she had to make sure she did it subtly so that Courtney would not know that she was the one who did it, or else she wouldn't prove anything and would only make herself look bad. She had to do something that would ruin them while keeping her own reputation in tact.

The most obvious option was the classic prank of causing them to wet themselves in front of Courtney, and she knew that she had the means to do so if she could just find the perfect scenario. It needed to be something that they couldn't get out of or else they would just be able to run off to the bathroom and that would spoil absolutely everything. It was decided, then, that she would have to get more people involved and manipulate a lot to ensure that this went perfectly.

It made the most sense to enlist Courtney's younger brother in her plans. If anyone would be game for pranking his sister's annoying friends, it would him, especially when bribery was involved. The plan was that he would make sure their drinks were spiked with a little something to make sure they were beyond desperate and then he would lock them in Courtney's room, where she would watch Ginger, Dodie, and Macie as the helplessly wet themselves.

The plan was nearly flawless, and it did not take much to get the young boy to agree to play along. He knew how intimidating Miranda could be, perhaps, and knew better than to question her motives. She knew that Courtney would be having those girls over that weekend and couldn't wait to hear about what happened, though she planned to spy on them if she could.

On the day of, she made sure that everything was set up the way it was supposed to be and she settled outside, hidden to watch Courtney's window and wait for what would surely be a hilarious show.

~X~

The girls suspected nothing as they drink their lemonade. Of course, nothing about the taste changed and they didn't expect for anything to be off. The only problem was, all four of the glasses had been tampered with rather than only three. Courtney was not supposed to be targeted by this, but she was, because her brother could not resist pranking her as well.

But none of them knew that as they relaxed and talked and drank their lemonade. They didn't even notice the clicking of Courtney's bedroom door being locked and had no idea what they were in for. It would be a long time before they knew anything was amiss.

Dodie was the first one to feel the urge to pee but she tried to ignore it, not wanting to say anything about it. It wasn't often that she got an opportunity to hang out with Courtney like this and she didn't want to look lame for having to go to the bathroom so early into their afternoon. She would wait until somebody else went and then it would be okay.

It was not long after she felt the need arise that Macie did as well, but much like Dodie, she opted to keep quiet about it. She was just as in awe to be here as Dodie was, and was a bit more shy. She, too, wanted to wait until somebody else went before she called that much attention to herself and her problem, and she tried to ignore the pangs coming from her bladder.

Ginger was not as shy as them, but she also didn't want to interrupt the conversation when she realized that she also had to pee. She simply kept on talking, deciding that she would wait until later. It was not until Courtney realized that her bladder was uncomfortably full that anyone said anything, and she rose, announcing that she would be going to the bathroom. The others agreed and stood up with her, but when they reached the door, they found that they were locked in.

“What's going on?” asked Dodie.

“I think Blake must have done this,” said Courtney, angry. “Probably his idea of a prank.”

“Come to think of it, I kind of had to go quicker than usual,” Ginger said. “Do you think he did something to the lemonade?”

“I wouldn't put it past him!” she replied.

“Do you think he'll let us out?” asked Macie nervously. “I mean, how long will we be trapped in here?”

“Hopefully not for long,” Courtney said. “And if I have any say in it, he won't get away with this!”

“And I thought I had issues with my brother,” Ginger muttered. They tried to resume their conversations and go on as if nothing was amiss, but all of them were growing increasingly more desperate at a very rapid rate. All of them were being affected by the drink, and soon enough, they grew quiet, nervous, and fidgety. None wanted to let on just how desperate they were, but they were all very worried about how long they would be locked up.

It occurred to some of them already that they might be put in a position where they would have to wet themselves. It was not the ideal to any of them, but it was clear that that was the objective of Blake's prank and they accepted that he might not let them out until that happened and he might not get caught before. Of course, to do something like that in Courtney's bedroom was a horrific image, but if it was what had to happen, they couldn't see any way out of it.

Each of them soon felt the full effects, and all of them had their own ways to keep things under control. Courtney was surprisingly shameless, openly squirming around, while Dodie tried to keep things as under wraps as possible. Macie tried to keep things subtle but did a very poor job of it, while Ginger was somewhere in the middle, not quite being open about it while not keeping it completely hidden that she was getting desperate.

“Ugh, I am going to kill him when I get my hands on him!” Courtney declared, crossing her legs and bouncing up at down at her knees. “I do not want to be trapped in a situation like this!”

“None of us do,” replied Ginger, giving a sympathetic look. This was far from how she wanted to spend the day here, but she especially felt bad for Dodie and Macie, knowing how hard this must be on them. They were already completely out of their element, only to be put in a horrible situation like this.

Thought Dodie had been the first to start to feel the effects, things went the quickest for Macie, and it was not long before she was doubled over, not able to hide her desperation in the slightest. Squirming and crossing her legs, she groaned to herself, fighting a battle that had already been decided. It was with one final groan that she lost control, apologizing profusely as she began to wet herself.

Courtney was more understanding than expected, because she knew that, not only could none of the girls help their desperation, but that she could very well be forced to do the exact same thing herself. She didn't even care about the mess in her room, because there was nothing she could have done to prevent it and carpets could be cleaned or replaced, especially with her kind of money.

It was Dodie who fell next, though she fought with all her might. Eventually, her ability to hide it faded away and she was soon whimpering and obvious. Biting her lip, she squirmed where she sat and pressed her hands into her lap, trying to look natural even as she did something like that. No one was fooled, but no one called her out on it. There was no need to make fun of her when they were all suffering just the same.

Even when she began to wet herself, she tried not to make a show of it, whimpering quietly and trying to cover it, though that proved to be impossible. Again, no one called her out on it, and she sniffled quietly to herself, obviously humiliated. Ginger wanted to comfort her, but she was afraid that that would only make Dodie feel worse, and she had her own desperation to worry about.

“Oh, I am absolutely not going to make it!” Courtney squealed, sounding both outraged and distressed. “This is the absolute worst!” Just as she finished her sentence, Ginger noticed the stream running down one of her legs, which grew until she was wetting herself completely. Even Courtney had been brought to that point, and now Ginger was the only one left and she knew that she would not last much longer.

Biting her lip, she crossed her legs tighter and debated on what she should do. There was a lot of pressure being the only one left, but she knew that she didn't have a chance to make it and that there was no point in just sitting there, hurting, when it could be over. All of her other friends had done it, so what would be the real problem? There wasn't one, and so she relaxed and, without making any show of herself, began to wet herself where she sat.

Her panties were quickly flooded, and it spread to her shorts, creating a dark stain on them as a puddle formed around her. The other girls noticed, but tried not to watch as Ginger did this. She sighed in relief, her bladder feeling fantastic as it emptied. It had been hurting so much, and now she felt a lot better. All that remained was waiting until they could get out of here, and though they would all be wet and uncomfortable, it wasn't the worst that could have happened.

When they did finally get out, Courtney managed to corner her brother, demanding what he had been thinking, doing something so terrible. He didn't take long to break down in his fear, saying, “It was Miranda, she bribed me!” He even admitted that he had messed up and was not supposed to prank Courtney with the other girls, but she did not spend much time focusing on him.

“So, Miranda thinks that's funny, does she? Well, we'll see just how funny she thinks it is when we let her get a taste of that!” she declared.

~X~

The others were hidden when Courtney had Miranda over. “We really haven't spent enough time together lately,” she said, playing innocent.

“Well, it's about time you realized that,” replied Miranda with a laugh. “Been spending too much time with Ginger and her weird little friends.”

Courtney gave a fake, high laugh, gesturing for Miranda to go into her room and Miranda did so, not suspecting a thing until the door was closed behind her and locked, but it was too late by then. She jiggled the knob, shouting, “Courtney? Courtney, what are you doing?!”

“Oh, you know exactly what I'm doing,” she replied. “Didn't notice anything off about the drink you had at lunch? Well, I didn't notice anything off about my lemonade last week, but then I found out you tampered with it.”

Miranda hadn't wanted it to happen to Courtney and when she had realized that that was what was happening, she had considered calling the whole thing off, but that would have exposed her involvement in it. Of course, Blake had ratted her out anyway, and now Courtney was very mad and getting her revenge.

“Courtney, that wasn't supposed to be for you!” she said, hoping that she could reason with her friend. She could already feel pangs coming from her bladder.

“I know, it was supposed to be for my other friends, right?” asked Courtney through the door. “Well, they wanted revenge just as much as I did.”

“That's right,” said Ginger, who Miranda hadn't even realized was there, and she could hear Dodie and Macie laughing as well. They were all there, ready to intimidate and humiliate her, and she was not having that.

“Well, good luck!” she snapped. “I don't even have to go, so have fun standing out there and waiting and being bored! This is a stupid plan.” Somehow she managed to forget that they were borrowing the plan from her own.

She heard the girls giggling outside, and she crossed her arms angrily. So what if she already had to pee? She wasn't going to let them win! They'd get bored waiting for her to do something she wouldn't do and then they would let her out and feel really stupid and she would be back on top. She wasn't as weak as they were and she was going to make it, all day if she had to!

For the first five minutes or so, her confidence didn't waver in the slightest, but then she felt a few sharp pangs and suddenly it was much, much worse. Groaning, she tried to ignore the building pressure, but it was not something she could control. The addition to her drink was starting to affect her and it didn't matter how strong her bladder was normally. She was going to be affected just as harshly as all of the other girls had been, and she only had so long before she fell to it.

Still, she was too stubborn to admit that even to herself and she simply crossed her legs and tapped her foot, waiting for them to give up, hoping that she was intimidating enough that they would realize their mistake and let her go before she got too angry at them. No matter how long she waited, however, only silence greeted her, with a few giggles interrupting every now and then. They really were completely serious about this, as unbelievable as it seemed to her.

Her bladder ached for the release that she continued to deny it, not willing to wet herself even for comfort's sake or to get out of here faster. She tightened her crossed legs, fidgeting where she stood and tried to plan some way out of this. Her only option, seeing as the window was locked and breaking it was too much even for her, seemed to be manipulation, but that had already failed. She couldn't threaten them with black mail when they could just as easily black mail her and she couldn't play on Courtney's insecurities because Courtney didn't ever seem to have any.

Come on, Miranda, you're more cunning than this, she thought, frustrated, and she knew that she was having trouble thinking because her bladder was distracting her so much. It was too full to manage and she bit her lip, groaning softly. If she let them win this battle, they would basically have won the war, and she wouldn't know how to bounce back from something like this. She wasn't even sure if recovery was possible or if this would be the end of any intimidation she had over them.

Once again, her thoughts were cut off by the painful throbbing of her bladder as she began to near her limit. Even crossing her legs was not doing much for her any more and she bounced up and down at her knees, squirming pathetically and whimpering, hoping that they could not hear her on the other side of that door. She jammed a hand between her legs, doubling over, feeling a small leak dampen her panties. Already, she was being pushed to her very limits. Already, she was pushed to a point that she knew there was no coming back from.

She bit down so hard on her lip that she nearly drew blood. Her eyes watered with tears that she would never allow to fall, even if there was no one there to see them. They would smudge her make up and her pride simply would not allow her to cry so openly like that. Another leak came out, and then another, and the spurts began to occur every few minutes. Her panties grew so soaked that she knew that even if she managed to hold on the rest of the way, she had already lost, but she knew that she would not be able to hold on the rest of the way.

Soon enough, the spurts soaked through to her jeans, leaving a considerable dark patch and still she fought, even knowing that there was no point. When the final spurt came and did not stop, she let out one finally groan as her pants were flooded. She still did not allow the tears to fall even as she looked down and watched the dark spot spreading down her pant legs, felt it running down her legs. Even as she watched a puddle forming on Courtney's carpet and felt her shoes getting soaked, she held back her tears and tried not to make another noise to indicate what was happening.

The relief would have felt a lot better if she had not known that it was at the cost of her losing this, but it still felt nice to have her bladder empty out, and when she was finally completely empty, she felt the pain start to subside. She had lost, but at least it was over for now. She had lost, but she would find a way to come back from this. Even if it felt impossible now, she knew that she would always find a way to claw back from anything.

