Spice and Wolf Commission Series

Author: Zenkopan

*000*2018-03-04 07:47

Going to use this topic to post some commission I had done for Spice and Wolf, all involving Holo. There were all commissioned from YaBoiMeowff over on InkBunny. They may contain super minor spoilers for Spice and Wolf up to and past the end of the anime series.

###

Holo's nose wrinkled and she had to fight off the urge to twitch her ear. Her head turned toward the sky, gazing off into the west, where an array of billowy white cloud encroaching in on the horizon.

“Rain...” She mumbled to herself. “What splendid timing.”

“Did you say something?” Lawrence said, turning to look at her.

Of course, she thought, frowning internally, but keeping her expression aloof. He was lost in thought again....

“No,” she replied, flatly.

As far as she was concerned, it had been plainly obvious she had said something, and her refusal to say what it was had been a less than subtle hint—even for someone like Lawrence—that he'd better pay more attention to her. But much to her frustration, he turned away, apparently satisfied, and lost himself in thought once more.

Now, she frowned externally.

He knows how I feel about ships. I've told him again and again and I've made it no secret that I've been nervous about this trip. Yet, his mind thinks only of silver trenni this and gold lumione that—as it always does. I bet if he were paid enough he'd push my overboard for all he cares of me!

She frowned a bit harder, a slight pang of guilt worsening her mood. She knew Lawrence cared deeply for her, but sometimes he could be so dense.

They boarded the ship shortly after. The traveling merchant and his motley entourage: the beautiful young nun and the school boy. Playing the part of the young nun, Holo kept her ears tucked safely away underneath her hood, and her tail hidden in the expensive dress Lawrence had bought for her. Holo the Wisewolf was not one to be impressed by expensive gifts, but nice gifts were a different thing entirely. Feeling the soft fabric rub against her flesh reminded her that he did care, and it sometimes made it hard for her to stay angry.

But all that quelled anger returned tenfold the moment they placed their order for food and drinks—or the moment Lawrence had placed it for all of them.

It wasn't so much that he took it upon himself to place their orders, since he had the right to decide how his own money would be spent, and since he was largely responsible for financing all of them, there was only so much Holo could demand.

It wasn't even so much the dank hole they'd been placed in, with the damp, smelly air and the damp smelly wood, and the sagging hammocks for beds, and the fact it was less a bedroom and more of a cargo storage area. The whole area smelled like a mixture of mold and urine and was aggressive on her nose, but she'd expected all of this and hardly used it as an excuse to justify anger against Lawrence.

What she found unforgivable was what Lawrence had ordered: dried meat, cheap bread, cheap wine, and a pitcher of water. She never liked eating cheap food or drinking cheap wine, and sometimes she complained about it, or even held it against him—but ultimately she knew the situation. It was his money to spend, and the supply was limited and hard earned.

However, it was expected that with all she endured with him, he would sometimes splurge a bit and get nicer things. That when they were on rickety ships sailing across the water, in a dark room that smelled of mold and piss that he would possibly buy something warm to drink, something delicious to eat. That when she was already stressed out from having to on the water, already ignored because he chose his thoughts over her, that he might attempt to distract her—if not with one thing, that is to say his actual time and attention, with something else, like his money.

But Lawrence chose neither. After bidding goodbye to the sailor, he went straight to the only table in the room to pour over coins and profits and other droll things, all things he chose over Holo, leaving the aforementioned to her own devices.

Needless to say, the moment the wine arrived, Holo began drinking.

The only benefit to their dank little hole of a room was that the foul smell blocked out the scent of incoming rain—but that didn't mean she couldn't feel it. Every sway of the ship, the steadily worsening winds and growing waves. The water was growing restless beneath her feet.

She nursed her wine, not intending to get drunk, but desiring to dull her senses a bit, and more than that, provide Lawrence with an opportunity to redeem himself.

It's not as if I am a meek town girl desperately craving reassurance... but it would be nice if he could at least notice my discomfort. What is so important that he must count his money every chance he gets? Didn't he count it just a few days ago?

Lawrence continued pouring over his paperwork, not even noticing when she slammed the cup down on the table and picked it up only a few moments later to take another drink.

He is extra foolish today, is he not? Holo turned away, her brow crooked. She sat down on the hammock, but the moment her body sunk into the stretchy material, her body tightened a bit.

Hmm, 'tis been awhile since I've last relieved myself.... Her eyes tightened.

“Lawrence,” she said suddenly, putting on her most decadent tone.

He turned back, blissfully unaware of her rage. “What's wrong?”

Oh, must something be wrong for me to call your name?

“'Tis just that I need to relieve myself.”

“That would make sense,” he replied, matter-of-factly. “You've drank quite a lot of wine.”

“Indeed.” She said through gritted teeth. “And now I need to urinate.”

“So? Go on deck and pee, then.” Lawrence turned back to his papers.

Holo bristled. She stood up a few moments later, after having given Lawrence plenty of time to have catch his rude mistake. She walked up next to him.

“Lawrence.” She said curtly.

He turned to face her with a queer expression. “What is the-”

She stomped on his foot, turning his words into a stifled howl of pain.

“What was that for?!” He barked.

She walked back to the hammock, crossed her arms, and sat down again, eyes closed, her body turned away from him.

Lawrence sighed with annoyance and rubbed his head. “Look, when you're ready to tell me what is wrong I am right-”

“-I have already told you.”

Lawrence frowned. “Remind me.”

“...It is your own fault if you were not listening.” She turned her face away. “It is not the kind of a thing any real man would make a lady say twice.”

He crooked a brow, but lifted his head in revelation a moment later. “Ahh....” He closed his eyes and collected himself, and then stood up. “It's raining quite badly, isn't it?”

Holo watched him warily.

Lawrence approached the door to their room and walked out.

It seems like the fool has finally figured it out.

She dead-panned. Though I suppose that remains to be seen.... She lifted her tail into her lap and groomed it.

When Lawrence returned, he cleared his throat before speaking. “I talked to one of the crew. They're going to work on getting you a bucket, but it might take a little awhile. There is a storm about to hit and it's all hands on deck.”

I could have told you that! Holo's jaw clenched. I did tell you that.

“Also....” He rubbed the back of his head and smiled nervously. “It is stupid, I know, but I forgot about your tail. That would be difficult to hide on a ship.”

She looked back at him with an expression that said she found him as stupid as he felt.

Looks like he figured it out. At least most of it. Will he remember the most important thing, however?

“Good. It is about time. You do realize a mistake like that could cause you to lose many of your precious coins?”

Lawrence blushed a bit and coughed into his hand. “W-Well, I wouldn't worry. When it comes that I am more careful.” He then headed for the table and sat down. He looked at Holo and at the tail in her hand. Seeing that her time was clearly occupied, he turned back to his money. “Speaking of which....” he mumbled, before disappearing completely into his own world again.

Holo sat there, wide eyed, fighting the urge hang her mouth open in amazement.

Could he truly be so dense? No, 'tis not possible.... 'Tis not possible somebody be as... as... stupid as this! She clenched her jaw. Does he not see what is in front of him unless it jingles and sparkled in the light? To forget about me for a bit and to get lost on his own I understand, but to say that. Surely it was a message? A jest?

No. He is not smart enough for that. He merely spoke his mind, and he did so in the most transparent and rude way possible.

Holo sat there racking her brain for suitable way to pay him back, something appropriate that would send a powerful message about what he had done, but nothing came to her. Whether the proceeds had been too egregious or she was too blinded by shock and annoyance to come up with anything clever she couldn't say; all she knew was that she would get him back for this.

She crossed her legs and sipped her wine again.

I do hope they hurry with that bucket.

Holo groomed her tail for awhile, and then she petted it, trying to look busy as she stared off into a corner lost in thought. Those for whose benefit she needed to appear busy she was not sure. When she turned around to strike up a conversation with Col—partially with the intent to mock Lawrence—she found him curled up in his hammock sleeping blissfully, and Lawrence was so busy with his ledgers and bean counting had no worried of seeming this way or another.

She crossed her legs a bit tighter.

Where are they?! The boat swayed, almost as if in response to her thought. I understand the crew is busy handling the storm, but surely taking time to bring one bucket to one Wisewolf is not such a difficult task...? Unless they've forgotten me.

Or more likely they have forgotten the fool and his meandering way of speaking.

Holo squirmed.

This is all his fault. He hasn't even turned around since he came back. He doesn't care at all that I have to relieve myself and can't until that bucket gets here.

She frowned tightly.

It is embarrassing to admit, but it's bad. It's one thing when I am drunk, but I am will not be reduced to dancing around like I am a child while I am sober. It is too shameful! She blushed at the thought. But it is bad. A lot worse than it should be considering how much I drank.

I'll have to tell Lawrence.

She glared daggers at his back. As much as it sickens me to even mention his name again.

At least it'll give him a chance to redeem himself. Maybe he won't act like a complete fool this time....

“It is... worse now.” She said suddenly.

Lawrence paused his writing and sat there, still for several moments. Then his head rose. “The need to pee?”

“Yes,” she replied quickly. “It has been awhile.”

“It has, but I'm sure they're very busy handling the storm.”

“I'm sure they are, but what if they have forgotten? Am I supposed to remain like this all night...?”

“You will not remain like that all night. If they don't come down soon, I will ask again, but I don't want to bother them with it. I don't need the crew thinking we are a hassle, or, even worse, telling that to the captain.”

Holo opened her mouth to offer a rebuttal, but she let it close before speaking.

“So just hold it for a little longer, okay?”

At no point in his lecture did Lawrence turn around to actually look at Holo. When she didn't respond, he simply sighed and returned to his ledger.

I cannot believe he would treat me like this! She thought, her jaw clenched again. I am sitting here trying to wet myself like a child and the only thing he cares about is his precious money! Maybe I should mark up on the deck and disrobe for all to see. I wonder what Lawrence would have to say to that!

She swallowed and squirmed again. Her eyes veered over to him, and after verifying that he was not looking in her direction (which was of no surprise), she slipped a hand between her legs.

This is nothing short of degrading! To make me, Holo the Wisewolf, hold her pee without making any effort to help.... Fool! I should go behind that crates over there and make water without saying a word.

Holo's ears flicked a bit.

…I could, couldn't I? It is not the sort of thing that I'd like Col to see of me, but.... She turned around and found him sleeping soundly. And since we are on a ship the urine would just soak into the wood after awhile, and it isn't as if it would affect the smell in here much.

...Who exactly would it trouble if I was to urinate over there? Not any of the crew, surely, but maybe....

She looked daggers at Lawrence's back again.

All I have to do is stand up and walk over there. She squirmed again and bit her lip. Nature would do the rest....

She frowned and rose silently.

See how you like this! She thought bitterly, approaching the crates.

Lawrence stopped writing as he heard the sound of her footsteps. He listened to her, and turned around just as she was disappearing behind the crates. A suspicion made him rise.

Holo stood in the back by a solitary window peeping out into the rainy abyss, her legs crossed tighter than she was willing to admit. She lifted her dress skirt and squatted down, embarrassed by how quickly she began to urinate. The warm liquid ran down her buttocks and sprayed on to the wood in front of her with a wet, hollow echo.

That instant, Lawrence rounded the corner. His jaw dropped.

“H-Holo!”

She looked up at him, sneering, too angry to feel embarrassed.

“What are you doing?! Stop!”

“I can't stop, fool!”

“B-But you can't-! You-!”

“Idiot! Don't act like this isn't your fault! I've been waiting for over an hour and you've done hardly a thing to get me somewhere to go!”

Lawrence went silent for a moment, his face struck with a sudden awe. “But... I... you can't....”

“Enough! Stop staring at me! I will make sure you know just how wrong you are when I finish!”

Lawrence turned around and walked out of sight, stuck standing dumbstruck as various realizations dawned on him.

Holo's powerful stream against the wood slowly turned to a trickle and series of spurts that last for some time. When she was finally satisfied, she shook her bottom half, but to no avail.

“Fetch me something to wipe with.”

Lawrence obeyed faithfully, grabbing a handkerchief from the table and bringing over to her, a blush on his face as he looked at her glistening privates.

“You are such a fool.” She snatched the handkerchief away and cleaned herself. “A true idiot.” She stood and draped her dress skirt back down to her ankles as she stepped away from her mess.

He followed her away from the crates, back into the center of the room. She turned to face him, sneering.

She lifted her foot and brought down onto his own.

“Ow!”

“You fool!”

“Holo, if you had to go that bad, why didn't you-”

“I tried to tell you!” She perched herself on her toes and leaned in close to his face. “But you were so concerned with your money that you didn't care!”

Lawrence stared at her, as if his mind were processing things at a million miles per hour. And then his expression widened in a sudden understanding. “Ahh.”

“Do not say 'ahh' as if you have it all figured out! It is not just that you ignored me, but that you forgot!”

“Forgot...? Forgot about what?”

“Exactly! Had you been paying more attention maybe you would have remembered. And I think now of all times would have been when you should have been paying attention, since you know I don't like traveling over sea.”

Lawrence's expression of epiphany turned to one of guilt.

She sat down on her hammock and sank downward, her arms crossed tight. “I am amazed, simply amazed by your foolishness. You've acted selfishly before, but nothing like this! It was as if I didn't even exist, but I exist now, don't I? ...Fool. And I could have looked past it all if you'd only have remembered—though if you had, I doubt there would be anything for me to look pa-”

“-Falling off!” He said, as if the idea had struck him out of nowhere.

She looked up at him, silent.

“You're afraid of the ship swaying to the side. Your tail wasn't the only reason you didn't want to go up there. It was because you're afraid you'll fall into the water.”

She blushed a bit, embarrassed at hearing it said so frankly. “A little late to the finish line, aren't we?” She lifts her tail into her lap and begins to groom it again.

He slapped his head. “Damn it....”

“Don't worry,” she said, suddenly calm. “Since you've spent so much time pouring over your money, you should know just how much you have to make it up to me.”

*001*2018-03-05 03:13

The horizon-line was where the sky was at its bluest, and as her head rose it became increasingly transparent, until she was staring straight up, where the sky looked black.

Holo lowered her head and pondered the phenomenon, rubbing the back of her neck in discomfort. Her eye lids were heavy with lethargy, but it was too early for another nap. She yawned into her hand and stretched, her tail becoming taut, its fur rising on end for several moments.

“It's a nice day.” Craft Lawrence kept his hands on the reigns and his eyes forward. The passive smile on his lips showed his contentment.

“Aye. It seems the storm has finally passed.”

The days before had involved dark clouds swooping in with little warning, and with them came heavy winds leaden with droplets of water, sometimes leading into unpredictable downpours that ended as quickly as they had begun.

“Thankfully. I was beginning to worry your fur might never completely dry.”

“How thoughtful,” she spoke with sincerity, but immediately followed with a playful glance, “...or maybe it was just the cold of the rain that had made you long for my tail's warmth?”

Lawrence chuckled. It was not rare for his true feelings to be revealed by Holo's astuteness, but normally she did not see through him quite so quickly.

“Though, I must admit I am thankful as well. Grooming wet fur can be tedious.” The tip of her tail flicked underneath her robe. “When it is wet, it becomes heavy, and the knots become difficult to sift through. 'Tis worse when it is dried and then wet again. It can become a truly frustrating task.”

“...I never realized having fur was so complicated.”

“'Tis hardly complicated... yet, it does seem to come with its complications.”

“A wise statement.” Lawrence smiled. “Reminds me of someone I know.”

Holo glared back at him in annoyance. “This mystery person must be quite interesting. 'Tis a shame I cannot say the same about you.”

“...Would you prefer me to be more complicated, then-?”

“-No.”

Her answer caught him off guard. He glanced over and found her inches from his face, a mocking smile on her lips.

“I prefer you simple. You are easier to tease.”

Lawrence swallowed, realizing the moment the spit slid down his throat that any chance of coming out on top had gone with it. She returned to her side of the cart, smiling. Lawrence grimaced.

“...Do not be like that. If you were as complex as I, who would I have to make fun of?”

“You say that as if complexity is a good thing.” He spoke with exaggerated sulk.

“Are you saying that it is not?”

Lawrence responded with mild astonishment. “What do you mean? Of course simplicity is preferable to complexity. Why would I want something needlessly complex...?”

Holo turned away from him, seeming to consider the question deeply. Several moments later, she turned back and responded: “Is it not true then that certain things in this world are not needed, but are at the same time?”

“Not needed and are at the same time...?”

“Aye. What is a need one day might merely be a fancy the next. And who is to say what the next day will hold?”

“Hmm.”

Lawrence sat in silent contemplation, skeptical at first, but slowly beginning to see the dual meaning behind her words. One could argue that needs are the only things a person truly “needs,” but in a way, that is not true, as that assumes the goal itself is just staying alive, and forgets the critical aspect of satisfaction.

If he were lost in the woods with no supplies, things like bread, cheap brews, and even basic companionship would begin to seem like luxuries, all things that had grown to be a given to him in his current state. However, if he had those things and more, such as the shop he had been dreaming about for years, he would not simply be able to ride the waves of complacency to old age. He would feel compelled to utilize his shop to bring in greater profits, and would likely risk everything on that journey for the constantly fleeting phenomenon known as contentment.

The complexity Holo referred to was more than just additional steps on the way to gratification. She referred to complexity as the goal itself, in the same way a mountain climber views the mountain. The peak and the journey are not so far removed when one considers two antithetical terms in unison.

“Do you see now?”

Lawrence could feel the smugness emanating off of her. He had been bested thrice thus far. He had to even the score.

“I do.”

“...?”

“But do not forget, the peak is the goal of the mountain climber, while the mountain is the enemy. Complexity itself is what we seek to defeat... to simplify it and hold it in our hands.”

She looked back at him with a pout.

Lawrence glanced at her and turned away again, a smile returning to his face. A moment later, he felt warm air brush against his ear lobe. He turned around and found her on her hands and knees, inches from his face.

“He thinks himself a philosopher now, eh? Give a dog a bone and he will have the wisdom to hide it. I suppose the same cannot be said for merchants.”

This time Lawrence resisted the urge to swallow.

“I know I will regret asking this... but am I wrong?”

“Consider this: it is through difficulty that we find love.” She retook her seat.

“...So it is through complexity that we find satisfaction?”

“Not exactly, no.”

“Then what is it?”

Lawrence waited several moments for her reply, but it never came. She was looking straight ahead, the hood of her robe blocking her face from view.

“I suppose she wants me to figure it out for myself....”

Lawrence pondered it for about a minute before breaking the forced silence. He considered suggesting difficulty or love were the paths to satisfaction, but found the answers insufficient, and knew Holo would have no mercy on him if he answered not only wrongly, but poorly as well....

“Is it through triumph?” He looked over at her, as a child does seeking approval.

The smile that crossed her lips was one of true pleasure. “So now I will ask: what is a mountain climber without a mountain to climb?”

“Ah....” Another content smile settled on Lawrence's lips. “So both simplicity and complexity have their places, then?”

“As the night and day have theirs.”

They had grown silent, but their surroundings were noisy with the chirping of birds and the sound of the breeze stirring up the grass. The wheels of the wagon rumbled against the dirt, creaking almost inaudibly, and the sound of horseshoes moved along with it, like a metronome. He inhaled deeply and took in the intermingling scents of various trees and greenery, detecting the faint hint of leather from the cargo in the back and the even fainter smell of wine emanating from Holo's lips....

His eyebrows tightened. “Holo!”

She brought the jug to her lips and took another swig before replying. “What is it?”

“What are you doing?! It's still morning!”

“Oh. Where are my manners...?” She extended the jug out to him, as if to offer him a drink.

“No! T-that's not-” he faltered and then sighed. “That's not what I mean. Why are you drinking so early?”

“'Tis such a nice day. Seems I could enjoy it a bit more with wine.”

“Can't you at least wait until dinner?”

“By then the day will be long past.”

“That is... true, but... that is still no reason to drink so early!”

“If you would like for me to put it away, then say so. There is no need to chastise me like I am a child.” She turned away from him in an ironically child-like way.

“Yes,” he sighed. “I would like you to put it away.”

“So be it then.” She plugged the jug and twisted around to set it in the back of the cart. When she turned back around, her eyebrows tightened and she glanced down toward her lap. “Could you please stop for a moment? I would like to relieve myself.”

He sighed again. “Can you wait until we get to the next town? I am in a bit of a hurry, and if we don't arrive there soon, I may not have time to move this leather. I'd really rather not be held up another day just for that.”

She scowled back at him. “How long do you think I plan on taking?”

“Every minute counts.... Look, town isn't far. I'm sure we'll be there before noon. You can hold it.”

“Before noon, eh...?” She turned around to inspect the positioning of the sun. “I suppose I can wait if it is really so important to you.” She spoke with marked annoyance.

“Thank you.”

She frowned and crossed her arms. It was a position that said 'this isn't over,' but Holo's greatest weapon against Lawrence was patience, and this was one game where time was not on her side.

As the wheels of the cart continued on, Holo found herself looking back increasingly often to check the movement of the sun. It was a shameful position to find herself in, primarily because it could have been circumvented entirely if she had just asked for him to stop the moment she had felt the need to go. Reiterating her need to stop so soon after her initial request would reveal to Lawrence that she had been holding it in for quite some time, much like a child having too much fun to take a break from playing. Worse yet was the rebounding it would have on their previous conversation, which would reveal just how caught up in it she had been.

She glanced down at her lap to see if the form of her legs pressed tightly against each other was visible beneath her robe, and seeing that it was not, she placed a precautionary hand on her thigh, keeping it close to her privates in case she had to suddenly react. It was ridiculous to let things grow so bad that she would consider emergency plans over just re-imploring Lawrence to stop, but each time she tried to find the right words to form her request, nothing came.

After what felt an eternity of silence and subdued squirming, she was struck with an unpleasant twinge in her abdomen, and a realization of regret. The few mouthfuls of wine she had consumed, though not enough for even a light-buzz, had triggered her least favorite affect of alcohol: a powerful need to urinate with an alarmingly quick onset. She took a moment to consider how much more bearable her dilemma would be while drunk, but quickly reconsidered, knowing that if she were drunk, she would have long forced Lawrence to stop with her wine-loosened tongue.

She swallowed nervously as one of her legs started to flex and then lightly bob at the knee. She internalized the desire to fidget, but the result was a slow accumulation of unreleased tension in the base of her gut, filling her lower areas with a strong urge to push, and lessening her ability to resist the already crippling pressure. It dawned on her that hiding her need would soon cease to be a possibility, as she would either become so obvious Lawrence would see through her, or in her vehement resolve to keep herself still, she would inadvertently wet herself, ending the farce in the worst possible way.

She mentally debated her options: to either continue on in stubbornness and wait for Lawrence to take notice of her situation, making her both look and feel like a child in the process; or speak up and force him to stop the wagon, revealing her aforementioned holding during their verbal spar. As she struggled to decide, she hid light motions beneath her robe, knowing that if she did not conclude otherwise soon, Lawrence would catch on.

Her pondering went on, and then continued on, the pressure growing worse with each tick that passed. She had originally thought that making no choice meant Lawrence discovering the predicament on his own, but when twenty more minutes passed, she could no longer bear the fruits of his density, and both of her legs began to vibrate with quick, wide movements. How he had not seen the movement from the corner of his eye or felt the disturbance in the wagon from her constant shifting around was nothing short of a mystery to her. She was beginning to suspect he had caught on awhile ago, but was deliberately remaining quiet.

Over the unbearable waves of pressure coming from between her legs, she could delegate little energy to deciphering Lawrence's intent and level of insight. All she knew was that if she did not speak soon, her worst case scenario was going to happen. Her lips spread an imperceptible distance, in preparation for the words she was still not sure how to speak, when suddenly, with a sensation similar to a mountain climber finding much needed footing on a narrow steep, she felt the pieces connect together.

The idea occurred to her with a sudden wave of frustration. Without a word, she got up and moved herself to the back of the wagon, placing a hand against her overburdened privates the moment she was out of sight. Lawrence could have stopped at any point, she reasoned. He knew she had needed to go, and instead, he chose to forgo a minor inconvenience that would have brought her much relief.

It's just like a chamber pot, she continued reasoning, smiling with malevolent pleasure.

Lawrence could hear a quiet rustling behind him, the first noise unrecognizable, the second sounding akin to fabric brushing against other fabric. He turned back curiously and was greeted by a truly peculiar sight:

Her robe was pulled up, her pants were pulled down, and her tail was arched up higher than usual, her exposed bottom facing toward him. He saw her behind quickly descend, the faintest trace of liquid dribbling down as she lowered it. There was the sound of water droplets against wood, and as her butt collided with the top of a bucket, the water droplets turned into a full on blast beating into the side of the bucket.

She sighed with a slightly pained expression that soon turned into bliss.

“H-Holo!”

“I am in heaven...”

“Wh-wh-what are you... What are you doing?!”

“What does it look like?”

“What makes you think that-” he faltered. “I just... why are you...? Why are you peeing in a bucket?!”

“Do not act as if this is not your fault! I asked you to stop.”

“Y-yes, that's true, but... if it was that bad you could have just said something!”

“I shouldn't have needed to. If it was just a few more miles, I would have understood, but trying to guilt trip me into holding it for so long.... That is just cruel. Hmpf.” She turned away from him, still peeing a heavy stream into the bucket.

“I...” Lawrence continued watching her with astonishment, his cheeks a dark shade of red.

“There is no need to apologize. I believe with this we are even.... Also, I do hope you enjoyed gawking at me like a confused child the entire time.”

Lawrence turned away muttering incomprehensibly.

Holo's stream came to a creeping stop, and when it finished, she pulled up her pants and dumped the contents of the bucket out of the back of the wagon onto the road. She then returned to the front of the wagon and took her seat next to Lawrence.

“...You know I use that to feed the horse? I'm going to have to wash it out when we get to town.”

“Maybe you should have considered that before making an unreasonable demand of me.”

Lawrence knew better than to respond. He just turned away with a mixture of confusion and stoicism.... But after several moments, the words seemed to leave his mouth on their own accord:

“Really, though... How long did you have to go? I've never heard someone pee that-ow!”

Holo stomped on his foot and crossed her arms in annoyance, turning away from him with her cheeks blushing warmly. Much to her dismay, he had concluded precisely what she had hoped would stay out of his thoughts.

Lawrence turned away, smiling wryly. She may have won battle after battle, but attrition had won him the war.

*002*2018-03-05 03:14

There was an earthy-sweet scent that floated around Holo whenever she spent a long time in a thick coat or piled under warm blankets. Lawrence was too bashful to ever vocalize the sensual images that the aroma summoned in his mind, but he often caught himself silently sniffing the air around her, in hopes he would catch a small whiff in passing.

He had a hand on each of her shoulders and was helping the stumbling Holo navigate through a regal hall. Her head was bobbing around like she had long lost control of her neck, and her eyes rolled in all directions as if the idea of looking straight were an ancient joke.

He'd have been enjoying that earthy-sweetness then, had her skin not smelled so strongly of wine.

“I don't believe I've ever seen you this drunk....”

“You've said that twice now.” Her words came out slurred, but articulate enough to make Lawrence give an impressed chuckle.

“Then I meant it two-fold. Shall I say it a third time?”

“There is... no need.... I shall consider it noted!”

Lawrence smiled, not entirely sober himself. “Are you going to be alright like this? I've never seen you lose your balance before.”

“Hmpf! He must be struck dumb by the spectacle of firsts! How else would I stomach such an insult?”

“...What?”

“Bah! Can't even follow the simplest words.... Is he sure that I am the drunk one?”

“You are definitely the drunk one.”

Beyond surviving the onslaught of nonsense coming from her mouth—that was no doubt poetry in her inebriated mind—he was tasked only with keeping her moving in the right direction, and keeping her on her feet for the entirety of the walk. It would have been easier had her steps been full strides, but she was taking near baby steps, making what should have only taken a couple minutes into an epic ordeal.

When he'd questioned her speed, she had remained silent for several moments, as if formulating an extensive, thoroughly detailed response to his inquisition, but all she had said in return was “the only difference between me and a fool is a step. If I am to take one step too wide, then a fool I will be!”

He'd remained silent and contemplated it, at first assuming that she had meant she'd have lost her balance and fallen, but with his hands gripping her shoulders, that would have been nothing short of a feat.

The only alternative he could think of was that she needed to piss, which would have explained her unusual posture--she was leaned forward and bent at the stomach and knees—but he failed to understand why she insisted on speaking in only drunken riddles.

When they reached their room, Lawrence opened the door and helped her inside. She went limp the moment her butt was above the extravagantly covered and criminally soft bed-spread, causing Lawrence to nearly drop her. She landed on it and fell backward, her feet still planted on the ground.

She grimaced and grabbed her crotch, lifting her legs several inches. She sat up and used her elbow for support, looking as if the discomfort between her legs was the only thing keeping her from falling back down.

“That was uncomfortable.”

“Ah. So you do have to go then.”

“I said so earlier, did I not?”

“You said a lot of things earlier, but I don't-”

“-Bah! There is no time for your quips. The difference between a fool and a saint can be only a few words, and right now, I have no time for any of your words.”

Holo had forced herself to sit up, but she was drunkenly swaying back and forth and had to catch herself from falling over several times. She still had her hand between her legs, and her legs were clasped tightly around it.

“It is uncomfortable to lean forward. Lawrence, fetch me the chamber pot.”

“Yes, my queen.” Lawrence mocked her, but Holo did not respond. He got down on the his knees and looked under the bed. Several moments later, he spoke: “It looks like the servant forgot to bring it up. I will go down and get one.”

Holo's face contorted into one of surprise. “That is... disappointing.”

“Yeah, it's a little annoying. Especially after he specifically told us he was going to put one in here.” He sighed. “Anyway, I'll be back in a few.”

“Go quickly, or else you may have to make a second trip for new covers.”

Lawrence put one finger in the air. “I suppose the difference between old and new covers is the same as the difference between the fool and a saint.” He smiled, clearly satisfied with himself.

“If you have time to waste on jokes then you have time to walk.”

Lawrence sighed and shook his head. When he had left the room, Holo sighed as well, and then grimaced.

“Hnrrrg.” She pressed her other hand into her crotch and re-clasped her legs. Her tumble onto the bed had turned a desperate situation into a tragic one, and when she had sat up, she'd even become aware of a faint sensation of dampness that she'd swore had not been there before.

She looked around the room in hopes the pot had been misplaced, and that she would find it safely tucked away in a corner, beckoning to be used. She considered getting up to look for it, but she was too afraid to stand.

“Bah!”

If new covers were needed, than she'd have no reason to feel guilty. Had the servant never falsely declared that he would be bringing them a chamber pot, than she would have never counted on her room being a worthy sanctuary. Had he never failed to do his job in the first place, she'd have not ended up in such a situation, and there would be no question of new covers at all.

She growled. A moment later, her body stiffened and she gasped.

She felt a droplet of something slip past her, quickly absorbing into the fabric of her pants.

It had come out on its own, with no warning.

She looked down at her lap in drunken confusion as a small warm patch formed around her groin, followed by a warm droplet that ran down her butt cheek.

She swallowed and tried to tighten her lower muscles, but the attempt only caused more droplets to leak out, forcing her to come to terms with how little control she had over her over-full, alcohol-numbed body.

It dawned on her that attempting to wait for Lawrence to return could actually make 'new covers' the goal of a second trip, and taking a bath in the ice cold weather while intensely drunk was no pleasant thought, either.

But what was she to do? She had no way of knowing when she would do serious damage to the fabric around her, and she had no way of containing her urine.

She could attempt to make for the courtyard, but she doubted she could stand without potentially losing all control, let alone hold on until she stumbled her way outside.

“Grrrr!”

She was becoming frustrated. She was drunk, tired, and really had to piss.

If she ruined the covers of the bed, she would feel no guilt for it, and she was too drunk to feel any serious embarrassment until morning; however, urinating on herself or in her clothes was not an option, for more reasons than she could mentally keep track of in her frazzled state.

She felt another droplet come out. And then another. The thought of standing was nauseating, but she had no choice. She forced herself to her feet.

“Mhm!” She leaned forward and half-squatted, her mouth held open in pure surprise.

She waddled over to the opposite end of the room, losing more urine with every step.

The moment the first droplet traveled down her thigh, she reached the very corner of the room, by the window. She closed her eyes, ripped her pants down, and squatted all the way down to the floor.

There was the sound of urine splashing against stone, and then, the sound of liquid against liquid. The stream shot between her legs and formed a rapidly expanding puddle in front of her that soon flooded back against her toes. She tried to shift positions, but the intense feelings of relief surging through her body combined with the alcohol had left her too dizzy to move.

She moaned softly and pursed her brow, enjoying the feeling of warmth in her cheeks and all through her face. There was still a feeling of pressure in her lower stomach, and she wondered how long she would remain there, urinating on the floor like a child.

But she didn't care. She refused to care until after the deed was done. The pleasure too great, and the fault was surely not her her own.

“Holo....?”

She slowly opened her eyes, gradually accepting the change in atmosphere ushered in by Lawrence's entering of the room.

He stood there, dumbfounded and unable to speak.

She squatted there, reveling in bliss with nothing to say.

After what had been a minute of powerful urination, her stream came to a slow, staggering dribble. She looked around and, upon spotting the drapery, reached out and used it to clean herself. Afterward, she pulled up her pants and struggled to her feet, realizing at some point squatting had become easier than standing.

“Do not just stand there like a fool. Come over here and help me to the bed.”

Lawrence jolted as if woken up from a dream. He rushed over and did as she said.

“I do wish you'd say something.” She sat down on the bed and fell back, but this time, she allowed herself to stay there. “Your quiet is making this more awkward than it needs to be.”

“...I don't know if that is possible.”

“The servant said it! Didn't he? He said he'd bring a chamber pot! And what pot do you see here, Lawrence? Because I see none!”

“I am holding one....”

“Yes. And it was too late, was it not? Is it not true that a saint can have the wisest words, but if they are not spoken in time, they are but dirt?”

Lawrence sighed and let his shoulders go slack. “I sure hope I don't have to pay for those drapes....”

