A traffic jam (A Victory Gundam Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2024-06-28 15:47

A/N: A slightly overdue commission that I had fun with because I always have fun writing Gundam fic! Mild desperation from Uso, Suzy, Odelo, and Warren, but Marbet is the focus.

Marbet usually does her best to stay well hydrated, but there are some situations where she nearly regrets it. There have been a few times that she has found herself rather desperate to pee, and could not wait for a chance to get to a bathroom. Even so, those times, she only nearly regretted things; back then, she had always had the chance to make it.

If she were ever to made to wet herself, she’s not sure how she would handle it, so every time, she just tries to put that possibility out of her mind.

~X~

Like any other day, she has had a fair amount of water when she gets stuck in traffic, and right off the bat, she knows that this is going to be difficult and inconvenient. Still, she does what she can to keep it to herself, not wanting to alert Uso and his friends to her need. Because, of course, she has most of the kids in the car with her, where they would be able to tell if she needed to start squirming around.

So, instead, she just has to keep doing what she can to keep her need discreet, and hope that she is able to get out of this soon enough. With any luck, the others won't notice her plight, and she will not have anything make things worse.

Uso, in the back seat, is the first one to speak up.

"Uh, Marbet, do you know how much longer we are going to be here?" he asks. "Because, uh, I really need to use the bathroom."

"Oh, really?" she replies. She hopes that no one can hear her heart beating, made nervous just by mention of it. "Well, I don't know for sure. Just keep doing your best, okay? We will be there soon, I promise."

Of course, she can't say when 'soon' might be, but she hopes that he does not ask. If he does, she might just be a little more desperate, and if that is the case, then she might just not be able to hide her own need. It is definitely a bit more stressful, knowing that she is not the only one in this situation, but that is all the more reason for her to hide it. The last thing she wants is for the children to know now.

So, she just keeps quiet and tries to focus on anything but her bladder. She thinks about what she should do for dinner later, and a million other things that don't matter right now. The point is just to keep her mind off of it.

That works, until Odelo speaks up.

"I have to go too," he mumbles. He is not the kind of kid to admit to something like this, not unless he is struggling, which means that it has to be bad for him.

"I think I need to go too," Suzy admits, whining a bit. "How long is this going to take?"

"Complaining won't help, Suzy," Odelo replies.

"Can we all just calm down?" Marbet interjects, trying to regain control. "We're going to get out of this traffic, and then we're going to head home. But for now, just try to stay calm, okay? Everything is going to be fine." Since Suzy is on the younger side, she doesn’t want to let the girl worry too much about the situation, though she is more than a little worried herself.

It isn’t long before Warren pipes up, saying that he has to go as well. This, of course, leads to some back and forth among the children. Marbet does her best to keep them from bickering too much, but that is pretty hard to do when she is getting so desperate herself. The last thing she needs is for the children to realize that the person meant to take care of them is at a disadvantage. It is bad enough for them, and they are the ones who should not be able to hold it.

Still, it is hard for her to ignore her own growing desperation, and harder still to ignore the growing commotion in the car. At the very least, it is a relief when the traffic starts moving again.

"Now, remember, we still have to get back," she says. "Everyone has to wait until then." Even her, unfortunately.

"But how long will that take?" asks Warren.

"Not too much longer," she assures him, but the truth is, she does not have a good answer for that. It will be a while before she is able to get them back home, but how much longer? How long is this going to take? All of her passengers are struggling, and it is not going to get better, the longer they are stuck here. She has already started squirming in her seat, and she is trying not to do so too much.

She would love to give the kids some advice, but the truth is, she does not have much of anything to tell them. The most that she can do is try and reassure them, and hope that they all make it, and all the while secretly hope that she can make it as well. The last thing she wants is for these kids, or anyone else for that matter, to realize just how badly she needs to go.

And so, the journey continues.

~X~

They get stuck in traffic again, and again, and again. It feels like a never ending procession of having to stop and wait. No matter how many times they manage to get going again, they never seem to actually make any progress. Each time they stop, Marbet has to listen to the complaints from the kids.

"Are we stopping again?”

"This is so frustrating."

"I really need to pee!"

"Come on, come on, hurry up!"

"I can't take it anymore!"

Marbet can't take it either, but she is not going to say as much. She has done a good enough job hiding her need right now, at least enough that no one has figured it out, but she is really starting to sweat from the strain of holding it in.

The kids have not caught on yet, but if they continue complaining, then Marbet might not have any choice but to admit her plight. The last thing she wants is to add herself onto that list of kids who are struggling, but how is she supposed to keep quiet about this, when she is just barely managing to stay on top of things?

"This is so annoying," Uso complains, crossing his legs. "When are we going to get out of here?"

"I don't know," Marbet admits, trying not to sound as frantic as she feels. "I wish I knew, I really do."

"Is it much farther?" he asks, and Marbet has to take a deep breath before answering him.

"It's not too much farther," she says, and then, without warning, Suzy whines.

"I can't hold it anymore!"

"Can't you just try?" Warren asks her.

"No, no, I can't!"

"Come on, Suzy, we all need to go. Try and calm down, and just hold it."

The boys are able to calm Suzy down enough that she stops complaining, and it seems that she will be capable of holding it in, but all the while, this is just more frustrating for Marbet. She can't help but feel bad for Suzy, but, more than anything, she is just annoyed that this is happening.

It is so unfair, and yet, here she is. Marbet knows that it is her job to take care of the kids, and it is her responsibility to do what she can to help them, no matter what the situation. So, she does her best, and does her best to hide her own need in the meantime. She is doing a good job so far, or so she tells herself, but how long will that last?

Sooner or later, her luck is going to run out.

"Marbet, how much farther do we have to go?" Uso asks.

"Not much," she lies. She is not entirely sure what she can say, without risking making herself look pathetic.

"Are you sure? It seems like we have been in this traffic forever!"

"Well, that's just how it feels, I guess. It's not, though. We're getting there, just hold on, and I will get us back soon."

"Are you sure?"

"I am. I know what I'm doing."

"You better," he grumbles. Marbet ignores him. She is not going to let his complaining get to her, not when she is dealing with her own plight. As long as she can keep them from realizing what is going on, then that is what is important.

But the longer they have to wait, the harder it is to keep a lid on things. She has done her best, but eventually, her luck is going to run out, and the children are going to find out just how bad off she is. Marbet has never felt this desperate in her life, and the longer she has to hold it in, the worse it is going to get. She is already fighting a losing battle, and it is only a matter of time before everything comes to a head.

At the very least, the traffic finally starts moving. They have not been stuck there forever, but the relief is still welcome. At the same time, however, she has to keep her passengers quiet. She is not sure what she can do about the situation, and is not sure what she can possibly say, but she has to think of something.

"Alright, we're going to get moving now," she says. "But, I still need everyone to try and be patient. There is no need to get worked up over the fact that we had to stop. I know that this has been a pain, but everything is okay. I'm going to get us back soon, so just relax."

"We can't relax," Warren replies. "None of us are going to be able to relax until we can finally use the bathroom. Can you hurry up, please?"

"I'm doing my best," Marbet insists, and it is the truth. If only she did not have to deal with the children's impatience on top of all this. She is going as fast as she can, but at this rate, there is nothing that can be done to speed this up. The worst part is, they are not going much faster now that they have started moving, but she does not want to tell them that, and give them even more to complain about.

Instead, she just grits her teeth and keeps trying, and keeps telling herself that it will not be much longer. She is going to make it. She is going to hold on. No matter how bad this gets, she can do this. That is what she tells herself, and what she has to tell herself, if she has any chance of keeping her desperation to herself.

Things only get worse, and Marbet can feel her resolve crumbling. The children's complaining grows louder, and more and more frequent. She has been doing her best, trying to keep everyone calm, and trying to keep her own plight a secret, but now, she can feel her strength wavering.

She tries to keep her mind focused, but it is so hard to ignore her aching bladder, and it is so hard to ignore the constant complaints, and she is just barely keeping it together, just barely holding it in. Finally, they arrive, and Marbet is so relieved, but her relief is short lived. As soon as she stops, everyone begins scrambling out of the car, desperate to get inside, and desperate for the toilet. She does her best to keep up with them, but is unable to keep herself from wincing.

She is so close to her relief, and yet, with each step she takes, her bladder protests all the more. Try as she might, she isn't able to hold back anymore. The pressure has been too great, and her need is far too urgent. Her body has simply reached the limits of its ability, and now, there is no going back.

"Please," she whimpers, though she does not know what she is pleading for, or who she is even pleading to. It is too late for that. Far, far too late.

A hissing sound can be heard, and she knows what is coming. There is no way for her to hold it now, and so, she has no choice but to just accept her fate. The warm stream gushes down her leg, quickly becoming a puddle beneath her. The relief is a small comfort, and at the same time, she feels so utterly humiliated, and the fact that the kids have all managed to hold their bladders longer than her only makes it worse.

They watch with shocked expressions as the adult in their lives wets herself right in front of them. Each of them is at a loss for words, and Marbet can feel her cheeks burning as she realizes that her fate is sealed. It is not until the last drop has left her that she finds the strength to speak.

"Well, go on," she mumbles. "You guys should at least try to make it to the bathroom, remember?"

With that, they are spurred into action, leaving Marbet behind, soaking wet, and so utterly humiliated that she wishes she could disappear, and forget about all of this.

###

If you're interested in my writing updates, please join my discord server! https://discord.gg/xUrPXDH

I stream here, and the chat is locked when there isn't a stream going on, so for the most part, it's only posts that are updates from me

Or, follow me on twitter @ZappGuatiche!

