Careful What You Wish For (A Danny Phantom Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2016-04-12 15:15

A/N: Another commission, of course.

Sam didn't realize she was making the wish when she made it, but that was how it tended to go with Desiree. It was so much easier to victimize people when she didn't bother waiting for a wish directed at her, so when she happened to be nearby when Sam had been annoyed by something Paulina had said and had ended up muttering angrily to herself.

“Stuck up diva,” she grumbled. “I wish, just once, she'd get publicly humiliated and be taken down a few pegs!”

And that was all Desiree needed to hear the work her magic, and she snickered to herself as she put things into motion. Sam wouldn't know that she'd be having a wish granted or that she had someone to be grateful to for what was about to happen.

~X~

The next day at school was when she chose to strike and, at first, Paulina didn't notice anything, but her bladder was filling up much quicker than usual. When she first began to feel a need to pee, she didn't understand why, as she hadn't had that much to drink, and she chose to ignore it. It couldn't be that bad, all things considered, and she liked to avoid actually using the bathrooms at school as much as possible.

As she sat in class, she tried to ignore the twinges that were coming more and more frequently. There was no way she already had to pee that bad, and she convinced herself that it was just her body playing tricks on her. And so she kept pretending that it wasn't happening even as her bladder cramped and ached and begged her for relief. She would be just fine, she told herself, and she could certainly last until it was time for her to go home. She managed to make it every other day, so today wouldn't be any different for her.

But no matter how much she tried to ignore it, it wouldn't let itself be ignored. Soon enough, she was jiggling her legs under her desk and biting her lip, and it was all she could think about. She didn't know why it was so bad and still, even as it got as bad as it was, she tried to convince herself and her bladder that everything was fine and that she was going to be just fine. It was as if she didn't understand just how bad things were for her and that she wouldn't last if she didn't take care of things soon.

By the time she was in her last class, she was nearing her limit, yet she was still too stubborn to admit this to herself. It was unreal, the way she could pretend as if she wasn't on the brink of wetting herself even when there was no way she could really ignore that she was. If she had been in her right mind, she would have realized that something was wrong, but she was not. She was getting humiliated, and there was nothing she could do to change that.

She crossed her legs at the ankles under her desk and nervously chewed on her lip, trying to distract herself from the throbbing in her bladder. Jiggling her knees, she clenched her fists. This class wouldn't last too much longer, and then she would be free to go home and then this would all be over. She wasn't going to lose control like she sometimes felt like she would, and she certainly wasn't going to wet herself in front of everyone.

But then she felt a small spurt of liquid escape, dampening her panties, though not enough to show through on her jeans. She squeezed her thighs tightly together to avoid any further leaking, and had to fight to hold back a few whimpers. Her bladder was so full that it was spilling over, but still she had herself convinced that she could hold it until class was over. She started to tap her foot, but then stopped herself because she was afraid that someone might notice and figure out her situation.

It was hard not to noticeably bounce in her seat, however, and keeping still made it all the more likely that she would lose control in such a way that it was noticeable to everyone. She had to choose between making her desperation a little bit more obvious and trying to fight it off when she knew that she couldn't. Finally, she gave in to her body's demands and bounced a bit, tapping her foot and rubbing her thighs together, doing whatever she could to distract herself from her need, which had grown to be nearly out of control.

Paulina pressed a fist into her lap discreetly, looking as though she was only resting her hand there even as she pressed down, trying to hold back another leak that was threatening to spill over. If she leaked again, she knew that it would show, and she was afraid that she would not be able to conceal it if it did. Her eyes watered and she pressed her hand down as hard as she could without making it noticeable that she was doing so.

But then the leak came, and she couldn't stop a warm jet of liquid, and she felt it on her fist as it came through her pants. She fought back tears as she removed her hand to see the noticeable dark patch on her the front of her jeans. She would have to be very careful to keep people from seeing her like that when she got up and went home, but now she didn't even know if she would be able to stand up without losing control.

Finally, it was dawning on her that she was in a very bad situation. Finally, she was figuring out just how far she had pushed herself and just how unlikely it was that she would make it, but now it was too late to realize this. And as she sat there, in the middle of her classroom, Paulina felt her bladder begin to give out, flooding into her panties before she could do anything to stop it.

She watched in horror as a dark patch spread across her jeans and she felt her seat grow wet before it spilled over, and then the sound of the hot liquid hitting the floor echoed loudly in an otherwise silent classroom. Soon everyone was staring at her, watching as she wet herself completely, and all she could do was sit there while it happened, tears filling her eyes.

It felt like an eternity before her bladder finished emptying, and she was so humiliated that she did not even notice the amazing relief that came with being empty at last. The tears began to fall as she heard a few people laugh, though most of the class had been stunned into silence. She stood up, giving everyone a good view of her soaked jeans, and gathered up her things, running out of the room. Just as she did, the bell rang, signaling the end of the day, and as she ran for the door of the school, a few more people saw her as they came out of their classes.

By the time she was outside, she was sobbing, angry and upset about all that she had been put through. She could still hear laughter in the back of her mind and she said to herself, “I wish that all the other girls would be just as humiliated as me!”

Of course, Desiree had been predicting something like this, and she had been waiting for Paulina to say something like that. She had another wish to grant, and just to make things fun, when she was selecting girls she would make sure that Sam was put in exactly the same situation.

~X~

But there were other girls she targeted that next day at school, and Jazz was one of them. She had a test, so she was a prime target, and she wouldn't be allowed to leave her classroom no matter what came up. Even if her teacher would have been lenient normally, Desiree would make sure that that wouldn't happen.

Throughout the day, Jazz would start to think about going to the bathroom, but something would always ultimately distract her from that. By the time she made it to the class where she had her test, it was far from her mind, even though her bladder had been steadily filling up all day. It wasn't until she was halfway through her test that she realized, suddenly, just how full she was, and she was almost floored by how much she suddenly ached for relief.

Of course, she knew that she had to try to put it out of her mind and focus on her test, because there was no way she would be allowed to leave the room until she had handed it in. No matter how much she suddenly needed to pee, she at least knew that she had to do that. But concentrating grew incredibly difficult now that she was so aware of her own needs, and she wondered how she had never noticed it before, only for it to hit her this hard out of nowhere.

Jazz bit down hard on the end of her pencil, crossing her legs under her desk and struggling to hold still. She just had a few more questions to answer, but her bladder was throbbing so frequently that every time she started to think about it, she was distracted once again. It took her so long to finish her test that when she stood up to turn it in, she could hardly walk without giving away how desperate she had become.

“Would it be alright if I went to the bathroom?” she asked quietly as she handed over her test.

“Absolutely not,” her teacher said. “The other kids are still working on their tests, do you really want to distract them? Class is almost over, I'm sure you can wait.”

Sighing, she went back to her desk, knowing that there was no point in arguing. All she would accomplish would be tipping off her classmates to her desperation, and her teacher likely would not change their mind.

But as she sat there, waiting for the class to end, time seemed to drag on while her bladder throbbed and she bit her lip, struggling to not make it so obvious that she needed to pee. There were only ten minutes left in class, but she was so desperate that she didn't know if she'd be able to make it even that long. Gritting her teeth, she tried to think of something to take her mind off of it, but it was impossible.

Each minute that passed brought her more pain and more desperation, and eventually she was squirming in her desk with absolutely no regard for how this made her look. She'd rather be obviously desperate than wet herself, and she was willing to do just about anything to be able to hold it until the end of class. She jiggled her knees and bounced up and down and bit her lip, and tried to ignore anyone who was staring at her while she did so.

By the end of class, she was sure that everyone had noticed, but she didn't care because now she was home free. Jazz stood up and nearly doubled over when she did, but she kept on, taking each painful step to exit the classroom. But she did not even make it to the door before she was doubled over once more, her hands between her legs, and there was nothing she could do to stop herself from losing control.

Before she could do anything to stop it, her bladder began to empty itself, and she groaned, feeling her pants grow damp and feeling it run down her legs. Her classmates could clearly see the dark patch and the puddle forming at her feet, and all she could do was stand there and let it happen. It felt good to finally be empty, but she wondered why she hadn't felt the need before she was already desperate, because she normally would have gone before class and never ended up in a situation like this.

But now she was soaked and humiliated in front of everyone, and all she could do was do the walk of shame to the office, so that she could get new clothes.

~X~

After Desiree claimed her first victim of Paulina's wish, it continued to spread like wildfire throughout the school, and no one understood why so many girls were doing such a thing. Everyone was taking extra precautions to avoid it, but it didn't seem to matter; people were struck at random.

Sam refused to believe it would happen to her, however. As much as she believed something fishy were going on, she also believed that she would be able to catch it in time because she was aware of the problem. She thought that knowing would grant her immunity, but even she could not be so lucky. Eventually, she fell victim just the same as the other girls, and even she was powerless to stop it.

It was just as basic as it had been with Paulina; she spent the entire day ignoring the slow swelling of her bladder, and sat through class without doing a thing about it or even realizing that there was anything she should be doing. Every now and then, she would feel a sharp pang and start to think about the fact that it was happening to her too, but as soon as she grew suspicious, she was somehow distracted by something. If she ever got close to discovering what was up, her attention was called elsewhere.

That was how the day went for her, until it got to the point that nothing could keep her from realizing just how desperate she had become. Her bladder was so full that she could not sit still, but even knowing that this was it, this was what all the girls had been experiencing, there was nothing she could do about it. She asked to go to the bathroom and was denied, and when she decided to ignore her teacher and get up anyway, she found that she physically could not.

There was definitely something seriously messed up going on and there was no denying that all the wettings were connected, and if she weren't on the verge of becoming another victim, she might have done more thinking to try and figure out what could be connecting them. But, as things stood, all she could do was cross her legs and wait for this to be over, because she already knew that there would be no way out of the classroom until she had wet herself.

Rocking back and forth in her seat, she knew that it wouldn't be long before everyone knew what was wrong with her, but it had become so commonplace that she couldn't even feel too humiliated about it. When she was just another number, it was easy to get over the fact that she was going to wet herself in front of her whole class, but not so easy that she did not try to fight it off for a bit.

Sam pressed a hand onto her lap, holding herself through her skirt. Her desk concealed that she was doing this, but only barely, and nothing could conceal the way she jiggled her legs and bounced her knees. At this point, she didn't know why she even cared about trying to conceal it or trying to hold on, but she was sure that it had something to do with whatever was getting girls into this situation in the first place. Whatever it was controlled them enough to make them think irrationally, and she would have to concentrate a lot to break that.

But if she tried to focus too much on that, she felt close to losing control, and then she would snap back into the mindset that she would have to try to hold it at all costs, even knowing that it was hopeless. If she couldn't even fight past her thoughts, she certainly wouldn't be able to fight to stand up, and even if she could fight her thoughts, it would break her concentration enough that she knew she wouldn't make it anyway.

When it came down to it, it was just the same outcome no matter what she did, and the only thing she could decide would be if she would try to have that outcome on her own terms. Sam was never the sort to do anything on anyone's terms but hers, and so she fought against her urge to conceal her desperation and she fought against her urge to even fight off her desperation.

If she was going to wet herself, so be it, but she was going to wet herself on her own rather than fighting to hold it when she knew that she couldn't. Whatever was going on, she would beat it in whatever way she could and then she would try to find out why it was happening. Concentrating all of her willpower into fighting it, she finally began to relax enough to begin to empty her bladder.

Soon enough, her panties had flooded onto her skirt, and the fabric of her skirt was not thick enough to keep her warm pee from soaking through onto her seat, and then it was spilling over onto the floor. The sound of liquid hitting linoleum had become so common over the past few days that everybody already knew what was happening and everyone stared at Sam to see her reaction.

But she refused to let it get to her and refused to let her humiliation show. Of course, it was embarrassing to wet herself in front of everyone, but she wasn't the only one and she had taken her own private control over the situation. Now that she had done that, she felt as though she had overcome whatever it was, at least a little bit, and she felt prepared to take on whatever it was. As soon as she was cleaned up from this, she'd convene with Danny and Tucker, and they'd figure out a way to solve this ridiculous mystery.

