And Another Thing (A Watchmen Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-10-07 17:27

A/N: This is a direct sequel to my story "What Gets Her Hot", but posted separately since it focuses on male desperation instead of female. A little more desperation than last time, because I like that more than just straight watersports. Victimizing Eddie has been a dream of mine for a while, and I have finally allowed it to come true.

A week after their experiment with Sally's secret fetish, they had another chance to be alone and she was planning on experimenting a little bit more. There was something else that she wanted to try with Eddie, and tonight, that would happen.

She had thought about it in the past; it was hard not to, considering how it related to her interests. But, in the past, she had always thought it would be something she would not like that much. Now, knowing Eddie and seeing his reactions the previous week, she thought that she would actually rather enjoy it.

Just like before, she began preparing a little in advance, shopping for the things she would need earlier in the day. When he arrived for their night together, his drink was already poured and he took a long sip, completely unsuspecting of what she had done to it. He would begin to feel the effects soon enough.

“So, what's on the agenda for tonight?” he asked. He was likely still thrown after their first experiment, and sounded a bit uneasy, probably unsure of what to expect from her. Sally almost felt bad for what she was doing to him.

“I was thinking we could just sit and drink for a while,” she said, knowing that he could never resist alcohol, especially when he wasn't smoking and he was not allowed to smoke in her house. The scent would be too hard to get rid of.

“Oh. Is it cos a wanna do more of...ya know, that?” he asked. “Ya trying to...get ready for it?”

“No, I don't think I'll be doing that this week,” she replied, and it wasn't really a lie. They were drinking to prepare, but it would not be what he expected.

“Alright, honey, whatever you want,” he said, slinging an arm around her and pulling her up against him, visibly less tense now that she had said that. He drained his glass and refilled it, this time without the special addition she had given before. That didn't matter, though; one dose would be enough.

Before long, she felt him shift in his seat and looked up to see him wearing a slightly uncomfortable expression. A few moments later, he shifted again and groaned so quietly he probably thought she hadn't heard him. It was clear to her that he was starting to feel the effects of the diuretic.

With that in mind, she snuggled up close to him and purred, “Are you ready?”

“Actually, baby,” he started, “I gotta, uh, take care of somethin' first, if ya catch my drift.” He chuckled, but she was getting good at identifying his nervous chuckles, and Sally knew that he at least suspected she would take a special interest in his predicament.

“Going somewhere?” she asked innocently as he dropped his arm and started to stand up.

“Not for long, you know that,” he said, leaning and planting a kiss on her lips. “And then I'll be right back and we can get started.”

“I'm a little too impatient for that,” she said, standing up to give him a much longer kiss before tugging on his arm. “I'm ready to get started now.” He did not protest much as she drug him to the bedroom and resumed kissing him, pushing him down onto her bed and straddling him.

“C'mon, Sally, let me up,” he said, his easy grin not matching the uneasy look in his eyes. “You know I gotta...” He trailed off awkwardly.

“I want to hear you say it,” she said.

“You know I gotta piss,” said Eddie at last. “It kinda came on outta nowhere and...” Realization dawned on him. “Don't tell me you fuckin' slipped me something. Don't you fuckin' tell me that this was all some plan!”

“I think we both already know that,” she purred, giving him a mischievous wink.

“Why, you little bitch,” he said, and burst out laughing. He cringed suddenly, the laughter having an adverse effect on his bladder, which was a bit more full than it should have been.

“Feeling a little full, Eddie?” she asked, resting her weight on his lower abdomen. His eyes widened and he let out a pained gasp at the sudden pressure added to his bladder, and Sally held back a moan at the display.

“D-don't do that,” he said in a weak voice. Though his initial response to the discovery had been to laugh, he seemed to be having second thoughts as he thought about what this would actually entail. “Are ya sure...I mean, what am I gonna...?” He couldn't find the words to phrase his question.

“Do you remember how positively desperate I was last week?” she asked. When he nodded, she said, “Well, that's how I want you to be, only more so. I really want to watch you squirm, and then you can use me, just like I used you.”

“Doncha think that's a little...intense?” he asked. Sally had come to love how he looked when he was uncertain of things; she was sure that was a side of him that few got to see and felt lucky. Even more lucky was the fact that she knew how to exploit him.

“If you're afraid,” she said, “we don't have to do it. I know it was hard to adjust to what we did before, and I don't want to push you into anything you don't want to do. I'd just thought this would be something you could handle...”

Just as before, the thought of someone thinking he could not handle something was too much for Eddie. He was certainly predictable, and he said, “I can handle it!” before stopping to think about it. “I mean...god, Sally, if that's really what ya want me to do, I guess I can try it, for your sake.” Now he was trying for modesty, as if he had a modest bone in his body.

She let herself fall into the bed beside him and said, “In that case, I'd like to watch you for a little bit. And don't hold back or try to hide anything! I want to see it all.”

He nodded, making a move to bite his lip before stopping. Sally had never seen him so nervous before, even when he was younger, and he was getting to the point that he was having a hard time hiding it from her. More likely than not, this was because the pressure on his bladder made everything a bit more difficult and unusual for him, and that just made the experience more enjoyable for her.

The bed bounced ever so slightly as her lover fidgeted, shaking his legs and squeezing his thighs together. At least he had listened and was not holding back in terms of showing her how desperate he was. And it wouldn't be much longer before it would be too much for him, considering all he had had to drink and the diuretic that ensured it all passed through him much quicker.

She heard him let out a low hiss, squirming and clenching his fists. He tapped one against his thigh while he grit his teeth, his eyes squeezed shut. Before, Sally had not bothered entertaining the thought of watching a man hold; now, she wondered why she had ever thought it was anything less than perfect. She had to admit to herself that there was a part of her that liked degrading Eddie- why else would she like to piss on him as much as she did?

And making him do something like this, watching him struggle with a full bladder that she was the cause of, pushing him to his breaking point, was a degradation that seemed even greater to her, even more powerful. In the end, she would let him piss on her, but the power given to him in that action would mean nothing. The brief moment of power over her would follow him almost losing control at her hands, would be a small consolation prize after she had proven to him and to herself that she was the one with the true power in this arrangement.

She loved that, and she knew that, despite everything, despite how nervous it made him, despite how tough he acted, despite how strong he tried to seem, despite what he had done to her in the past, he loved it too.

“Say it again,” she whispered, wanting to hear that phrase in his voice. That deep, masculine voice that still carried hints of a Southern drawl even after all his years of living up north.

“I gotta piss,” he mumbled, barely able to speak as he rocked back and forth, fighting a battle that he already knew he was going to lose.

“How bad?” she asked, and he jammed a hand between his legs. She was so aroused by this display that she began to squeeze her own thighs together.

“Pretty fuckin' bad,” he said, and then his eyes widened and he hissed. “Shit,” he said under his breath. “Oh, fuck,” he moaned.

“What is it?” asked Sally, pulse quickening with anticipation.

“I just...a little bit came out, I don't think...I'm gonna last much longer.”

“Come on, can't you wait a little bit more? For me?” She gave him that pout that she knew he loved.

“Sure, baby, anything for- fuck!” He gripped himself a bit harder, hissing again. “No, no, I really don't think I can wait anymore.”

“Alright, love,” she said, and helped him sit up. He was shaking as he got up to stand beside the bed, his hand never leaving his crotch. His breathing was labored, he was beyond the point of desperation, and Sally thought he was sexy as hell.

His pants were a challenge, and he could barely bring himself to let go long enough to undo his belt. His hands were shaking so hard he could barely get it open, and he swore loudly as a small, dark spot appeared. His hand shot between his legs again, and he groaned.

“I can't do it, I can't fuckin'...I'm gonna...fuck!” Eddie looked down at her, a mixture of angry and pathetic- most likely angry because of how pathetic he looked. He had already started to piss himself, and it was not certain to either of them if he would be able to get out of his pants in time.

After a moment of trying to regain control, he went for the button on his pants. He got it unfastened without much fuss, but began to leak soon after. There was a low growl as he decided to keep going anyway, and he yanked his zipper down, freeing his cock. He was still leaking, dripping on the floor before he aimed and let loose.

He let out an almost erotic groan of relief as he emptied his bladder directly onto Sally, and she wondered why she ever would have thought she wouldn't like this part. It felt really good- amazing, in fact. Even better were the events leading up to it, watching him struggle and nearly fall at the last hurtle. The look of panic on his face as he almost lost control coupled with the shameless look of sheer relief now would have been enough to do her in all on their own.

Eddie had been incredibly full, and it took him a while to finish emptying completely. When he had, he stood for a moment, panting as he tried to catch his breath. When he had succeeded in this, he said, “That really fuckin' hurt, trying to hold it for that long. But as soon as I could, ya know, let go like that, it actually felt really good and...I guess what I'm sayin' is...I kinda liked that one too.”

“I knew you would,” she replied, grinning up at him as she slipped a hand between her legs and began to touch herself. “But not as much I did.”

“Wanna bet?” he asked, climbing into bed on top of her. And perhaps she would have said more, given him evidence to support her claim, but he shut her up with a kiss before she had the chance.

A/N: And that's the end of the story. I probably won't write any more about them exploring the fetish, but it was fun while it lasted.

