Lexi's Leaky Tennis Tournament

Author: zsopkxa

*000*2026-03-24 02:27

The Greenbrier Resort in October was a portrait of Southern elegance, a world away from the roaring stadiums of the Grand Slams. For the players ranked in the nether-regions of the top 100, the Virginia Slims Invitational was their championship. The air was crisp, carrying the scent of fallen leaves and the promise of winter. Lexi, ranked a solid but unspectacular 62nd, felt the familiar mix of nerves and excitement that preceded every match. Today, she was on Court 7, a pristine grass court framed by maples ablaze in red and gold. 

The crowd was sparse, just a few dozen die-hard fans and curious resort guests, their quiet applause a gentle encouragement. Her uniform was a carefully considered armor against the chill: a sharp white pleated skirt over a pair of thick, black compression leggings that kept her muscles warm and offered a sliver of modesty. As she finished her warm-up serves, she took a long sip from her bottle of electrolyte-infused water. A faint, almost imperceptible signal from her bladder registered—a distant, low-frequency hum. It was the body’s standard morning reminder, easily filed away under ‘not important’. She had a match to win.

Her first-round opponent, a fiery Frenchwoman with a booming serve, was dispatched with clinical efficiency in two straight sets. Lexi’s movement was fluid, her groundstrokes precise. The low hum in her abdomen remained a non-issue, a ghost in the machine. After the match, she had a light lunch, a protein shake, and another large bottle of water to rehydrate. She had a few hours before her second-round match against a tricky Spanish serve-and-volleyer, Isabella. The hum had grown to a soft, steady thrum, but a quick trip to the spacious, marbled bathroom of the player’s lounge reset her to zero. She felt refreshed, light, and ready for the next challenge.

The second match started under a sky the color of pewter. The air was colder, damp, and heavy. Isabella was a nightmare opponent, constantly charging the net, forcing Lexi to hit low, skidding passing shots on the damp grass. The points were short, explosive bursts of energy that required constant, sharp changes in direction. The steady thrum in Lexi’s pelvis began to sharpen with every lunging volley, every sudden split-step. It was no longer a background sensation; it was a participant in the match. She could feel it as a dull, heavy weight low in her stomach, a subtle distraction that pulled at her concentration. She took the first set in a tight tiebreak, but the effort was telling. During the sit-down, she finished another water bottle. The dull weight had settled into a firm, insistent pressure. She shifted uncomfortably on the bench, crossing her legs. The need was now a conscious thought, but she pushed it down. One more set. She just had to win one more set.

That’s when the first delay hit. A fine, persistent drizzle began to fall, turning the court into a slick, green mirror. The umpire had no choice but to suspend play. "We'll wait for it to pass," he announced, his voice echoing in the suddenly quiet court. "At least thirty minutes." For Lexi, it was a sentence. She was led back to the quiet, empty locker room, the silence amplifying the roaring in her own body. The inactivity was a curse. Without the distraction of the game, the pressure became her entire world. It was a steady, demanding ache, like a fist pressing against her from the inside. She paced the small room, a caged animal, each step sending a fresh wave of discomfort through her. She considered asking a tournament official if there was a way to get to the main clubhouse without passing through the now-foggy courts, but the thought of the walk, the potential for getting lost, seemed too daunting. She would wait. She could wait.

Forty-five minutes later, the drizzle subsided, but the air was now colder, heavy with moisture. They were back on the court, but the rhythm was gone. The grass was slick, the balls heavy. Lexi’s muscles felt tight and cold. The pressure in her bladder had intensified during the wait, evolving from a firm ache into a sharp, constant pang. Every jarring landing, every twist of her torso, sent a spike of pain through her pelvis. Her movements became stiff, economical. She was no longer playing to win; she was playing to end it. 

She broke Isabella’s serve, but the effort cost her. As she sprinted for a drop shot, a sudden, violent cramp seized her abdomen. She gasped, stumbling and losing the point. In that moment of uncontrolled tension, she felt it—a tiny, unmistakable spurt of warmth. It was just a single, hot drop, but it was a crack in the dam. Her eyes widened in panic. She could feel the small, damp spot high up between her legs, a shameful secret hidden by the dark fabric of her leggings. She won the game, but the victory felt hollow.

The second delay was the final blow. Just as Lexi was serving for the match at 5-4, a heavier, more determined rain began to fall, rendering the grass court too dangerous to play on. The umpire called them off the court again. This time, there was no reprieve. They were told to retreat to the main pavilion, as the outer court facilities were being secured for the night. The pavilion was a ten-minute walk away, through winding paths now slick with rain. Lexi’s walk was an agonizing negotiation. The sharp pangs had merged into one continuous, searing wave of pressure. Her lower back throbbed in sympathy. She had to use her racket bag to press against her lower abdomen, a desperate, pathetic attempt to find relief.

She finally reached the warm, brightly lit pavilion, a sanctuary filled with the chatter of other delayed players and officials. She scanned frantically for the sign for the ladies' room, her heart leaping when she saw it down a short hallway. She started to shuffle towards it, her body trembling, her entire being focused on that single door. She was twenty feet away. Ten. Five. She reached out her hand, her fingers trembling, just as a maintenance worker pushing a large cleaning cart rolled in front of her and slapped a large "CLOSED FOR CLEANING" sign on the door. "Sorry, miss," he said cheerfully. "Should be open in about twenty minutes. Main facilities are on the other side of the lobby, if you're in a hurry."

The other side of the lobby. It was a sea of people—spectators, officials, other players. A five-minute walk through a crowd. The words didn't register at first. Then they hit her with the force of a physical blow. A sound, half-sob, half-gasp, tore from her throat. It was over. There was no way. Not through that crowd. Not for another twenty minutes. The monumental effort of holding on, the sheer, desperate willpower she had expended for the last three hours, suddenly seemed pointless. Her body, exhausted and betrayed, simply gave up.

It started as a slow, deliberate warmth, a final, surrendering trickle that she didn't even try to stop. The trickle found the path of least resistance, tracing a hot, molten line down the inside of her thigh. And then, the dam broke. The trickle became a flood, a torrential, unstoppable release that instantly saturated her panties and turned the crotch of her leggings into a warm, heavy swamp. The sound was a soft, shameful hiss, audible only to her in the din of the crowded pavilion. She could feel the hot liquid soaking through the thick fabric, tracing a warm, undeniable path down to her ankles and pooling in her socks.

The relief was so instantaneous, so absolute, that it was painful. A guttural moan escaped her lips as her knees buckled. She stumbled backwards, leaning against the cool, textured wallpaper of the hallway, her body shaking violently as the hours of agony dissolved into a profound, all-consuming bliss. The warmth spread around her, a perverse and glorious blanket. For a long moment, she just stood there, hidden in the shadow of an ornate potted fern, her head tilted back, tears of relief and humiliation streaming down her face as the last of her resistance washed away in the sweet, catastrophic surrender. She had come to the Greenbrier to prove she was a champion, but in that quiet, hidden corner, she felt more broken and defeated than she ever had on a tennis court.

